President-elect Donald Trump has nominated Mick Mulvaney, a conservative Republican congressman from South Carolina who is known as a budget “hawk”, as director of the Office of Management and Budget.

In a statement issued on Saturday morning – shortly after Trump tweeted an inflammatory comment about China’s seizure of a US navy drone in the South China Sea – Trump called Mulvaney a “very high-energy leader with deep convictions for how to responsibly manage our nation’s finances and save our country from drowning in red ink”.

Trump also said that with Mulvaney as his budget director, his administration would make “smart choices” and “renew the American taxpayer’s trust in how their money is spent”.

Mulvaney said he would help restore “budgetary and fiscal sanity … after eight years of an out-of-control, tax-and-spend financial agenda” under Barack Obama.

Like other Trump nominations, the budget director’s job requires Senate approval.

Mulvaney’s nomination follows a pattern of Trump turning to individuals with records apparently hostile to the agencies they are nominated to lead.

For example, the Oklahoma attorney general, Scott Pruitt, a leading critic of climate change theories, has been nominated to lead the Environmental Protection Agency.

In other such moves, the billionaire and charter schools advocate Betsy DeVos has been nominated as education secretary and the Alabama senator Jeff Sessions, a critic of voting rights legislation, has been nominated as attorney general.

The announcement about Mulvaney was made as Trump, who takes office on 20 January, began his holiday vacation at Mar-a-Lago, his oceanfront club in Palm Beach, Florida.

Mulvaney, 49, was an outspoken critic of the former House speaker John Boehner, who resigned in 2015 amid opposition from fellow Republicans who were members of the House Freedom Caucus. 

His selection points to a strategy by Trump to cut government where he can. The president-elect has recently railed against what he has called a far too expensive new version of the Air Force One aircraft he will use, which Boeing is supposed to build.

“With Mick at the head of OMB,” Trump said in his statement, “my administration is going to make smart choices about America’s budget, bring new accountability to our federal government, and renew the American taxpayer’s trust in how their money is spent.”

Mulvaney said: “Each day, families across our nation make disciplined choices about how to spend their hard-earned money, and the federal government should exercise the same discretion that hard-working Americans do every day,” he said.

On Friday night, Trump vowed to seek approval from Congress for $1tn in new spending to rebuild the country’s crumbling network of roads, bridges, airports and other infrastructure as a way to create jobs and make some needed repairs.

“We are going to fix our country. It’s time. We have no choice. It’s time,” Trump said at a rally in Orlando, Florida.