Size Doesn't Matter (when it comes to bullies)!
https://www.thepondscum.com/single-post/2017/07/07/Size-Doesnt-Matter-when-it-comes-to-bullies
The shorter side of bullies: Putin's height is approximately 5' 6'' - Napoleon's height at his autopsy was recorded at 5' 2" - Mussolini was 5' 6" - Stalin 5' 5" - Franco 5' 4" - Hitler 5' 8" - Kim Jong Un 5' 7" without  heels. 
 
The taller side of bullies: Osama bin Laden - 6' 5" - Saddam Hussein 6' 1" - Fidel Castro 6' 3" - Idi Amin 6' 4" - Bashar al-Assad 6' 2" - while Trump waddles around at 6' 2". 
 
Bullies seem to come in all shapes and sizes! A strong argument can be made to support the notion that Putin is the most powerful leader in the world today. There are numerous reasons why this may be true. 1.) He is perhaps the richest man in the world. 2.) He isn't afraid of being aggressive. 3.) He has an enormous nuclear arsenal to use as leverage against the world. 4.) He understands spying and cyber warfare and uses it to his full advantage. 5.) He knows that the Western nations are afraid to engage in yet another bloody confrontation. 6.) He has no clear threats to stop him from being a bully and obtaining his goals. 7.) He has the ability to thwart any opposition to his authority. 8.) Under Trump, Putin has free rein to manipulate the Unites States into making unwise policy decisions and control negative diplomatic outcomes.
 
Trump might stand taller than Putin but thus far he has succumbed to his power without even a struggle. Bullies can only be challenged by the truth - and not by appeasing their self interests and ignoring their wrong doing. Without the fear of retaliation bullies run wild. They come to power by exerting force on their enemies and by never having to pay the price for their crimes against humanity. By inviting Putin to the G20 party you are already giving him a seat at a table he has yet to prove that he is worthy of sitting at. It's important to have discussions with our enemies but there's no need to reward them for their vile acts. If there were more clear lines drawn in the sand and they were backed up - then maybe the Putins of the world wouldn't feel so empowered to cross them ad infinitum.
 
More must be done to force aggressive dictators to abide by a solid set of humanitarian rules before countries, even Western countries including the United States, buy their products and enter into trade agreements with them. Isn't it all so damn hypocritical? Gee, you kill journalists and poison political candidates but we really want your natural gas and steel? This is sending out dangerous mixed messages.
 
If a bully lived in your neighborhood and had done horrific things in another area but also happens to own a swimming pool and summer swings around and the kids would love to cool
off - do you turn a blind eye and let the kids go over there to have some fun? Especially since all the other nice moms and dads on your block are letting their kids go - and to sweeten the deal at lunchtime the bully will be having a barbecue with free hot dogs and hamburgers and ice cream pops for dessert? People are reluctant to have principles because it's so much easier to just rationalize your own wimpy actions. Sure, the man is a bully, but why should I suffer in other ways because of something he did to other folks that doesn't affect me? It's like a father who abused his family but the family still treats him warmly so they don't get cut out of his will. Yeah - having principles is complicated and usually if you have them you lose out on something. But without them you support something abhorrent. What kind of person do you prefer to be? I suppose there are those gray ethical areas. Damn if you do and damned if you don't. Doing the right thing should be more highly valued than doing the thing that reaps you the most reward.
 
Countries go through the same rationalization dilemmas. Putin stole Crimea and is waging war on the Ukraine. He's also done a lot of other repugnant acts. Do we ignore his misdeeds? Punish him for his brutal actions? Or put all of the yucky stuff on the back burner and see if we can get something we want out of him? This approach, I feel is like trying to run away from a monster with leg irons on. The monster is eventually going to catch up to you and swallow you whole.
 
The Republicans might not like Trump but they are thrilled he is president and support his agenda. Will they lose the House and Senate in 2018 because of their acceptance of him and his help the rich get richer policies and ban everyone the haters don't like from coming to the States? Or will Americans be strong and follow their moral conscience and principles - and vote en masse to oust the bullies? Will we insist upon accountable elections? Invest in protecting our districts from hacking? Devise ways to fight back against tactics that make a mockery out of our democratic process? The clock is ticking...
 
Trump and Putin are living examples of what happens when two bullies, a short fit one and a tall plump one have their way. The entire world has to work together to make sure there are mechanisms put in place to prevent the climb to power of similar bullies from ever happening again.