Jennifer Aniston Pregnant With 'Miracle Baby' At 47? - Report

Jennifer Aniston, 47, has dreamed of becoming a mom for a long time - is she finally getting her wish? Maybe! After all, according to a new report, the actress is expecting her first child with husband Justin Theroux, 44. But are Jen and Justin ACTUALLY about to become new parents? The answer may surprise you!

"She's pregnant," a reported friend of the couple revealed to InTouch magazine. "She and Justin are ecstatic. Jen has wanted to have a baby with Justin for years. Their baby news came at a bad time in her life, too - she just lost her mother, and she and Justin almost broke up. But now this surprise pregnancy has turned the worst of times into the best of times."

However, we have spoken to Jennifer's rep directly and we've been told that Jennifer is NOT pregnant and the entire story is "fabricated." Aw, we can't say we're not disappointed though. Jennifer and Justin WOULD make fantastic parents!

But nonetheless, while vacationing in the Bahamas on a romantic getaway, Jennifer and Justin allegedly looked like the perfect couple. Flaunting their PDA, the two definitely seemed more in love than ever - talk about the perfect vacay. Justin was also allegedly super attentive to his wife, aw!

"The baby has turned him from a guy who didn't seem like he was meant for marriage into beyond supportive," the mag's insider dished. "He was by Jen's side as she dealt with the death of her mom, and he's been waiting on her hand and food in the early days of the pregnancy."

And while we know now that Jennifer is NOT actually pregnant, we still love seeing this couple get along. It seems like their romantic trip is helping them get closer than ever - and we are ALL for that!

Witnesses did claim that Jennifer refrained from drinking alcohol and smoking while on the island. "She's dealing with exhaustion and experiencing morning sickness," the magazine's insider gushed. "She's put on about 10 pounds so far." But honestly, people's weights have a tendency to fluctuate - so just because Jennifer may have gained some weight, doesn't mean she's pregnant.

Tell us, HollywoodLifers - do you wish Jennifer really WAS pregnant? Let us know!
