Miley Cyrus Wedding Rumors: Will Miley Force Liam Hemsworth To Sign A Prenup?

Wedding rumors for Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are heating up, and now many fans want to know if either party plans to protect their assets before tying the knot. Miley just happens to be worth about ten times as much as her Aussie beau and because of that, there are reports that she really wants Liam to sign a prenup before they walk down the aisle. Life & Style has reported that Miley's money demands have caused stress in her relationship with Liam, and that the couple is currently fighting about whether or not a prenup is even necessary.

Miley Cyrus is worth a whopping $160 million while Liam boasts just $16 million himself. Life & Style claims that Miley wants to set up a prenup to cover their combined $176 million as they head toward marriage. Apparently, it doesn't matter to Miley if everything about her relationship with Liam seems perfect right now. Cyrus is a shrewd business woman and she knows things can go south very quickly, just like they did in 2013. Miley wants to make sure that her money is safe even if her renewed romance with Liam doesn't stand the test of time.

"They've had heated arguments over this," a source told the magazine. "He's a firm believer that prenups spoil the romance of a marriage and that if they are truly in love, it's not needed. He's assured Miley he isn't interested in her fortune and has enough money of his own."

It's only fair that Miley ensures that her money is protected with a prenup in the event she does marry Liam. Cyrus is already toning down her over-the-top antics in order to make Hemsworth happy. It was Miley's wild ways that pushed Liam away the first time around. Now that Liam and Miley have grown closer, fans have noticed that her hair has grown much longer and Miley isn't acting out nearly as much as she was in past years.

On the other hand, Liam has realized that even if she is a little weird, Miley is the woman that he loves. While Miley has toned it down some, Liam is definitely meeting her in the middle and giving the singer some freedom to still express her true self.

After reports that Miley moved in with Liam, it looks like she also bought a house of her own. Us Magazine reports that Miley just put $2.5 million down on a 4-bedroom home in Malibu. "The plan is for Liam to stay there while they reconnect, and then move in permanently when he's ready," a source close to Cyrus reportedly told the gossip site. It's unclear why Miley bought the home since it was reported that she was living with Liam, not far away. Now, the pair own a pair of Malibu homes. Could this be their way to get to know each other again without being together 24 hours a day?

So far, neither Miley nor Liam are talking about their reconciliation. Then again, they aren't hiding their love either. Ever since Miley was spotted in Australia during the New Year's holiday, she and Liam have been seen spending time together. There have even been reports that mutual friend Kellan Lutz congratulated the pair and headlines about Liam purchasing a new ring for Miley. Not to mention that Cyrus was seen sporting her old engagement ring in a few pictures on Instagram already.

Will the prenup continue to be an issue for Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth? Fans hope not and many are excited that Miley has her man back. Let's just hope this new Miley is still fun and outrageous, and that Liam doesn't tame the entertainer so much that it hurts her career, if they can even squash the prenup issue and make it to the altar anyway.
