Kristen Stewart Drops 'Twilight' Movie Plans With Robert Pattinson: Lands New Role In 'Underwater' Thriller | Celeb Dirty Laundry

It looks like Kristen Stewart won't have any time on her hands to make another 'Twilight' movie with Robert Pattinson in the near future. In fact, new reports indicate that the Hollywood star has just landed a new role in the psychological thriller, 'Underwater.'

According to Deadline, the film is about an underwater scientific crew that struggle to survive after an earthquake. Kristen will star as Noah, a woman who ends up in a relationship with another crewmember. And while there have been reports suggesting that Kristen might reunite with her ex-boyfriend Robert Pattinson for another 'Twilight' film, at this point it doesn't look like it's going to happen.

Then again, many fans believe that one of the reasons why there will never be another 'Twilight' movie made again is because Robert Pattinson doesn't want to work with Kristen Stewart again. After all, she absolutely humiliated him right before their break-up in 2012. Robert was devastated when he found out that Kristen was having a secret affair with director Rupert Sanders behind his back. His trust issues with Kristen would make it hard for the two to ever work together again.

Plus, Robert Pattinson has moved on with FKA Twigs. He doesn't want to deal with the tabloid media and even more unnecessary rumors about his personal life. Meanwhile, Kristen is dating model Stella Maxwell. The last thing Robert wants is to be involved in a messy and complicated love triangle with his ex and his current girlfriend. He wants to concentrate on his Hollywood career and not the gossip magazines that write about his love life.

But for Kristen Stewart, she doesn't feel that way. She loves the attention she gets whenever her name is in the headlines. She even mentioned earlier this month that she would be open to filming another 'Twilight' movie if the script and timing were both right. She even told reporters that she would be the first person to read it, too.

What do you think of Kristen's new role in 'Underwater?' Does this mean that she's putting her 'Twilight' days behind her for good? Let us know what you think by dropping us a line with your thoughts in our comments section below. Also, don't forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on Kristen Stewart right here!
