Will Kim Kardashian Divorce Kanye West?

Kim Kardashian is considering a new story line for 2017. Two and a half years after she and Kanye West wed in a multimillion-dollar affair at a 16th century Italian fortress, "she wants a divorce," a Kardashian friend claims in the new issue of Us Weekly. Find out more in the video above and from details below.

Previously married to record producer Damon Thomas and basketball pro Kris Humphries, the 36-year-old isn't rushing to file papers just yet, adds the pal, but she is planning her next steps. "It will take some time before she can do anything," claims the friend, alleging that she's trying to build a case for full custody of kids North, 3, and Saint, 12 months, "but she doesn't want to stay married."

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star is already distancing herself from the "Fade" rapper, 39. Since his November 30 release from UCLA Medical Center's Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital - following a nine-day stay for what his physician Michael Farzam dubbed an episode of "temporary psychosis" - West has been receiving outpatient treatment at an L.A.-area rental, multiple sources tell Us.

Kardashian, who has remained with the children at their 9,000-square-foot spread in L.A.'s Bel Air, "is being very protective and doesn't want Kanye around the kids right now," explains the friend.



Still, the Selfish author hasn't entirely shut out West. Hours after the 21-time Grammy winner was released, he attended the balloon-filled "low-key" family party Kardashian held for Saint days before his December 5 birthday, says a West insider.



The Kardashian friend says she won't make any decisions until West is fully recovered. Until then, adds the pal, "she's being a supportive wife." And the reality star - who has been in self-imposed seclusion since being robbed in Paris October 3 - is happy the musician is on the mend.



"She cares about Kanye and feels relieved he's getting the help he needs," continues the friend, "but she's felt trapped for a while."

Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics and more!
