Are Taylor Swift and Jake Gyllenhaal Dating Again?

There are reports that Taylor Swiftis trying to rekindle her relationship with ex-boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal. OK! Magazine is reporting that the "Wildest Dreams" singer has been contacting her ex ever since he has been in New York City starring in the Broadway show called Sunday in the Park With George.

The tabloid is reporting that a source is saying that Taylor is the one reaching out to the actor since she feels she is now more mature than she was when they dated back in 2010.

The source said, "Taylor was so young when they dated, she wasn't ready for a serious relationship, but now she's showing Jake how much she's matured. She's excited to see where things go."

In 2015, a rumor swirled around saying that the stars were in contact with each other, even though she was dating Calvin Harris at the time.

An unidentified source told Star magazine that, "He said he owed Taylor an apology for how things ended between them. In June, Jake ran into Cara Delevingne at The Graham Norton Show and asked for Taylor's new number. They've kept in touch, albeit secretly, ever since."

This would all be so ironic since Taylor allegedly wrote the hit song "We Are Never Getting Back Together" from her Red album about the relationship after her ex's friend asked her if they were giving their relationship a second chance.

"This guy walks in who is a friend of my ex's and starts talking about how he's heard we're going to get back together. And that was not the case. So I start telling them the story: break up, get back together, break-up, get back together - just, ugh, the worst! And I picked up the guitar and (songwriting partner Max Martin) said, 'This is what we're writing,'" she once revealed to GMA.

The lyrics in the track said: "I'm really gonna miss you picking fights / And me falling for it screaming that I'm right / And you would hide away and find your peace of mind / With some indie record that's much cooler than mine."

In the video for the song, the actor who plays the singer's love interest gives her a scarf which many thought to be a clue that revealed the song was about Jake since she had been photographed wearing one of his scarfs while they were dating.

Since Taylor is now single and so is Jake and they both happen to be living in the same city, we don't see how this could be a problem. There is no confirmation that this is actually happening though and a source close to them told Gossip Cop that there was "no truth" to the report.

Do you think Taylor should get back together with Jake? Tell us in the comments.
