Taylor Swift 'files documents to launch streaming service'

Taylor Swift has reportedly filed documents to launch her own streaming service in the wake of her backlash against Apple Music and Spotify.

The Shake It Off hitmaker, who hit out at streaming services for offering her music for free in 2015, is said to have made moves to brand a website 'featuring non-downloadable multi-media content in the nature of audio recordings'.

TMZ report that the website will be dubbed 'Swifties' and will launch a line of music products complete with guitars, picks, straps and drumsticks atop organising educational trips, online courses and retreats.

Taylor's now-famous feud with streaming services saw her reveal she will not allow her latest album on Apple Music to protest its 'shocking' lack of artist compensation during a free trial period.

The move by Taylor, who is one of the most outspoken critics of Spotify, delivered an early blow to Apple's bid to dominate the booming sector two years ago.

She said that the tech giant, which launched Apple Music in June 2015, will not pay for songs streamed during a free three-month trial period for new subscribers.

'I find it to be shocking, disappointing and completely unlike this historically progressive and generous company,' she wrote in a posting on Tumblr.

Taylor - whose '1989' was the top-selling US album in 2014 and remained high on the charts - insisted that she was speaking for all artists and not just herself.

'This is about the new artist or band that has just released their first single and will not be paid for its success. This is about the young songwriter who just got his or her first cut and thought that the royalties from that would get them out of debt.

'This is about the producer who works tirelessly to innovate and create, just like the innovators and creators at Apple are pioneering in their field...but will not get paid for a quarter of a year's worth of plays on his or her songs.

'These are not the complaints of a spoiled, petulant child. These are the echoed sentiments of every artist, writer and producer in my social circles who are afraid to speak up publicly because we admire and respect Apple so much.'

'Three months is a long time to go unpaid, and it is unfair to ask anyone to work for nothing. I say this with love, reverence, and admiration for everything else Apple has done,' she continued.

'I hope that soon I can join them in the progression towards a streaming model that seems fair to those who create this music. I think this could be the platform that gets it right.

'But I say to Apple with all due respect, it's not too late to change this policy and change the minds of those in the music industry who will be deeply and gravely affected by this. We don't ask you for free iPhones. Please don't ask us to provide you with our music for no compensation.'

MailOnline has contacted a representative for Taylor for comment.
