Justin Bieber pokes fun at himself after stepping out with an wet mark

Accidents happen, but this star is not sorry about it.

Justin Bieber happily made a joke at his own expense after stepping out with a big wet patch on his pants the day before.

The 23-year-old shared an Instagram of himself and Adam Sandler's character Billy Madison on Thursday to 'fess' up to peeing in his pants.

Just a few hours after pictures of the star surfaced of him with an unfortunate stain on his crotch area, Justin posted a picture of himself next to a screen grab from the movie Billy Madison.

Using a quote from a scene in the 1995 movie, Justin captioned the side-by-side image: 'You ain't cool unless you pee your pants.'

In the popular comedy, Adam's character - an adult man force to return to school to prove he can run his father's business - pretends to pee his pants so that one of his school friends does not get made fun of for actually peeing his pants.

The pee or not pee drama all started after the 24-year-old was seen in West Hollywood, California, with a giant wet patch on the front of his sweats.

The Sorry star's stain covered his entire crotch area and was rather visible in his almost $700 grey Vetements sweatpants.

The star ignored both the wet patch and a cameraman who constantly asked him about his ex Selena Gomez's new relationship with The Weeknd.

Justin made a beeline for his matte black Range Rover which he has had the badge changed on so it says Stealth Rover.

While in too much of a hurry to check his crotch area, Justin was not in too much of a hurry to grab a healthy juice.

Obviously unperturbed by walking around in wet pants, the platinum blond singer then headed to Earthbar.

There he fueled up on a green juice and walked along one of the area's busiest streets without a wet patch care in the world.

Aside from his stained designer sweatpants, Justin wore a white T-shirt with a distressed grey jean jacket and a pair of Nike Air Huarache.

As is his style these days, the Baby hitmaker added a pair of clear lens glasses.

Justin did ditch his stained pants later to head to church late that night.

It was fortunate he opted for jeans, as rumored on and off again love interest Kourtney Kardashian was also there.

There was also no missing Kourt with the 37-year-old wearing a sheer bra-flashing top to the religious service.

Kourtney and the much younger pop star have been linked since 2015 but neither have confirmed if they are romantic or just good friends.
