Anna Faris Feels Insecure Because Of Her Husband's Affair with Jennifer Lawrence! Is Chris Pratt To Blame? – Live Rumours

Jennifer Lawrence, who is heart of millions of boys, recently made all her fans shocked. Well it was not in the movie, but from the news; rather we say a rumour having an affair with Chris Pratt. Most of us' mind freeze because of these alleged highlights in tabloids, but later both of them finely denied. As of Jennifer's choice, she has chosen to be single for now; while Chris is already tied with Anna Faris. Faris feels insecurity because of this faked news fueling the tabloids about love between her husband Chris and Jennifer though. Well, is it true or not, we will cover it in this article!

Chris and Jennifer were busy in shooting for their upcoming movie 'Passengers' when the spark of their love life was alleged for the first time. According to some source, the duo was pretty together most of times, which helped in birth of affair rumour.

This news was no new for Chris and Jenny, while it seriously hit his wife Faris. She was throbbed from the news of her husband. Faris herself admitted about her insecurity.

'I know this news is not true, but I am human too; and still I feel too bad of having my husband being involved in such affair rumour.'

As indicated in News Every Day, Anna felt vulnerable when she heard this news for the first time. When the news spread, she wanted it to go off as it was hurting her heart.

Although this rumour spread all over internet and media, it finally turned off when Jennifer herself denied the news. Moreover, she also stated being jealous of this wonderful loving couple.

Jennifer, till now has been linked alleged with countless celebrities but we did not find any one in serious relationship. In an interview with Vogue, she once claimed herself to be lonely girl who spends Saturday nights either with some friends or in her apartment. Further, she also exclaimed about no guys asking her out.

Although it is shocking to know about being no one to be with her every Saturday, we know that she once secretly dated Nicholas Hoult and Chris Martin. As of 2016, she was alleged being linked up with Darren Aronofsky.

Going to the dating history of Chris Pratt, he dated only two girls in his lifetime. In the year 2004, Chris was linked with Emily VanCamp. The couple were together for two years, and then split in the year 2006. The next girl he ever met was his current wife Anna Faris. The duo met in the year 2007 and dated for two years. Then the pair tied knot in the year 2009.
