Brad Pitt 'lunged at son Maddox when he tried to defend mum Angelina Jolie'

Brad Pitt "lunged" at his son Maddox during a flight on a private jet as the teen tried to defend his mum Angelina Jolie, it has been claimed.

The actor - whose wife Angelina filed for divorce and ended their 12-year relationship following the reported incident - is accused of being "wasted" and "screaming" while in the air with his partner and two of their children.

Now, according to TMZ, it's claimed Brad began arguing with his wife mid-air, and when Maddox jumped up to defend her, he allegedly "lunged" at his son.

The site claims "Angelina jumped in between them to block her husband", but it's not clear what led to the alleged incident, or if it was even intentional.

But a source told Mirror Celebs: "These claims are exaggerated and fabricated. It's unfortunate for the whole family that people are insisting on continuing this endless smear campaign against Brad that hurts everyone.

"They are a solid family with two caring parents and a normal share of disagreements. Hopefully people can move on and leave them all alone to work this out."

Another source added that the FBI is investigating the claims as a jurisdictional issue due to the alleged incident taking place in the air.

The insider added Pitt - who is "cooperating fully" with authorities - denies being abusive and wants to do what is best for his children.

As the plane touched down, The Sun reports that the World War Z star allegedly continued his "rant" at the 15-year-old before then trying to leave the place in a fuel truck on the tarmac.

The Mirror understands the alleged incident was the tipping point for Jolie to call time on their 12-year relationship.

She split from him the next day.

Angelina Jolie 'willing to co-parent with Brad Pitt but wants full physical custody for now'

According to reports in the US, the 52-year-old is now to be at the centre of a probe by LA County Department of Children and Family Services and has been questioned by investigators along with Jolie.

The children are also expected to be spoken to, and it was claimed authorities had been tipped of anonymously by either someone on the plane or at the airport.

The complaint claims Pitt was drunk at the time.

A day after the actor's alleged meltdown Jolie, 41, broke the news to Pitt she wanted to end their two-year marriage and 12-year romance.

She filed for divorce on Monday stating September 15 was the day they split.
