Tyga To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Kylie Jenner And Kardashians In New Tell-All Book, Insiders Say

Tyga and Kylie Jenner have made it to Splitsville, according to E! News, and it looks like things could get pretty ugly in the near future. Although the relationship is reportedly over, it doesn't look like the two have ended on amicable terms, and things are only beginning to heat up. According to Perez Hilton, Tyga is reportedly planning to release a tell-all book in the wake of his big break-up with Kylie. Insiders close to the "Make It Nasty" rapper have dropped a few details about the rumored upcoming book.

But how would the Keeping Up With the Kardashians matriarch, Kris Jenner, feel about Tyga releasing a shocking tell-all book about Kylie and the Kardashian family? In most cases, close friends of the Kardashian family are locked into confidentiality agreements, which prohibit them from speaking publicly about the family. But apparently, Tyga never signed any form of agreement which would allow him to speak publicly if he desires. A family insider recently shared details about the alleged book.

Although Tyga and Kylie Jenner initially tried desperately to conceal their relationship because of Kylie's age, it's no secret he's been in her life for quite some time. Because of that, he's also seen a lot, including how she's evolved over the years. It's quite obvious Kylie's had a number of cosmetic surgeries, but now Tyga reportedly plans to reveal just how many enhancements she's actually had. The insider even insists Tyga was there for many of the surgeries she had.

However, that's not all. The insider also claims Tyga has a staggering amount of incriminating details about Kim Kardashian and Kanye West for his tell-all book. Since Tyga and Kanye have collaborated on records, he's spent lots of time with the Yeezus rapper and his famous wife. But apparently, all of his interactions with the couple haven't been pleasant. In fact, the insider claims Tyga has enough dirt on the couple to write more than one book. For months now, several rumors have circulated about the famous couple's marital problems, but of course, the rumors have not been confirmed.

Reports about Tyga's tell-all book come shortly after their epic break-up on the rapper's 26th birthday. According to People magazine, Kylie Jenner is absolutely furious about her ex-boyfriend's alleged cheating. An insider close to the 18-year-old reality star recently shared details about her reaction to the heart-wrenching breakup.

Although the Kardashian women have a history of on-again, off-again relationships, it looks like this may definitely be the end for Tyga and Kylie Jenner.

Do you think Tyga and Kylie Jenner are completely done? If Tyga released a tell-all book, would you read it? Share your thoughts.
