Justin Bieber Vacation: Purpose Tour On Hold After Awards Show Rant? | Celeb Dirty Laundry

It appears that Justin Bieber's Purpose Tour is on hold and Justin is on vacation with friends. Justin definitely needs some time off after slamming awards shows as fake and hollow. The vacation photos started popping up on Justin's Instagram on May 25. Looks as if Justin went camping with an assortment of friends. The singer, who normally writes very little or nothing at all on his social media posts, wrote, "These are the nights I live for."

While taking some time off Justin is jet-skiing, maybe doing a little cliff diving and just hanging out. Justin looks pretty relaxed in the photos. On May 27 Justin posted a selfie on Instagram – he appears to be relaxing by the pool with palm trees in the background.

But what's going on with the Purpose Tour? Checking out Justin's website all previous concert dates have been removed. You can't tell for certain if Justin scheduled time off or decided at the last minute to take a vacation because he's burned out.

The first signs that Justin Bieber might need a break came when the singer went on blast telling everyone that just because you buy a CD doesn't mean you are entitled to stop him in the street like he's your bestie. You buy a CD and that's all you're entitled to, a CD, not a piece of Justin.

Next Justin kind of snapped after the Billboard Music Awards saying all these awards shows are all fake, shallow and meaningless. Yet a few days later Justin profusely thanked the Teen Choice Awards for the three nominations he received. Once again, Justin used Instagram to express himself.

The Purpose Tour resumes on June 11 with several stops in Canada and then through the United States through July 19. After two Tokyo shows in August the tour resumes in Europe in September and runs non-stop through the end of November.

A schedule like that might cause any entertainer to put a tour on hold for a couple of weeks. Hopefully Justin will get some much needed R&R and put all the controversy behind him when the tour resumes.

Justin Bieber was spotted out and about in Los Angeles, California on May 27, 2016. He was wearing a sleeve-less red and blue checkered shirt with cut off sweat pants by FameFlynet
