Has Tom Hiddleston's 'Embarrassing' Romance With Taylor Swift Cost Him a Job?

Yikes, Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift's romance (showmance?) really isn't having the effect that their PR teams had hoped for, with Tom reportedly losing a huge contract due to the "embarrassing" display.

Last month it was reported that fashion giant Armani was considering using Tom as its new face, replacing Taylor's ex, Calvin Harris. (Interesting!)

However, it seems the Italian label has gone lukewarm on the idea due to Hiddleston's recent publicity-hungry antics with his new girlfriend.

Executives apparently fear that they will be seen as "cashing in" on the drama, something that they are eager to completely disassociate themselves from.

A source shared: "Tom was on the shortlist as they examined who could take over from Calvin."

"Obviously with Tom now being Taylor's other half and the Calvin past deal, it would generate huge media coverage and headlines.

"But Armani see themselves as classier than that and think that a rising sports star may suit their current needs better. Armani would hate to be seen as getting PR for their brand by riding on Taylor Swift's coattails, so Tom will not get the job."

The insider continued: "While Tom is without doubt one of the sexiest actors of his generation, he may not be the right fit this time.

"The brand is looking at attracting 30-somethings and under, so Tom may be a little too old." Ouch.

Tom hit the headlines when he was conveniently photographed embracing Taylor on an isolated beach less than three weeks after she had split from her long-term boyfriend, Calvin.

The pair has embarked on a eyebrow-raising display of love across the globe, with Taylor even meeting Tom's mother in front of the waiting photographers after just nine days of dating.

Tom was relentlessly mocked after donning an "I [heart] Taylor Swift" tank top during Fourth of July celebrations and wondered if that might have a negative impact on his career (while others wondered if it was just a joke).

If Armani is indeed shying away from the star, that negative impact might be painfully real.

