Billy Bush's wife is 'furious' at him after Trump interview leak

Billy Bush may have just posted a new selfie with his wife, but rumors are swirling that all is not well back in their California paradise.

The recently-fired Today Show host has moved back to Los Angeles after his now-infamous 2005 Access Hollywood interview with Donald Trump was leaked.

But sources told Page Six that Sydney Davis, Bush's wife of 18 years, is furious about the tape and less than happy to have him back at home with their three daughters.

'She was so furious that she refused to speak with him for a while,' an NBC insider told the site. 'They are having marriage problems.'

In the tape, Bush can be heard calling actress Arianne Zucker 'hot as s***,' and also saying nothing while Trump makes lewd comments about his co-host Nancy O'Dell.

But the moment that really angered Davis, a source claims, was when Bush, after gawking at Zucker's legs, asked her if she would give him and the Donald 'a little hug'.

'It wasn't just the vile talk,' the source said. 'It's because he insisted the woman hug him and Trump. It was creepy.'

Bush, 45, later released an apology for the interview and said he was 'embarrassed and ashamed', but did not make any mention of Davis.

'I was younger, less mature, and acted foolishly in playing along,' he said in the statement. 'I'm very sorry.'

The source said Davis is enraged that Bush 'was stupid enough to put himself in that position' and has now lost what could have been a life-changing gig.

'Billy has brought him on himself,' they said. 'He's blown his big chance at Today and he doesn't have his old job at Access [Hollywood] to fall back on.'

'He fears his career is over. His wife is angered that he has embarrassed her and their daughters.'

Bush refused to comment on the article to Page Six, telling the site: 'I cannot take this call.'

Davis has also never released a statement about the incident, but on Saturday she did reappear on her husband's Instagram.

Bush returned to social media nearly two weeks after first confirming he was leaving The Today Show, posting a picture of him and Davis in the great outdoors.

'Hiking with lady long legs,' he wrote in the caption. 'Nice to get out.'

It was the first photo Bush, 45, had shared on Instagram in three weeks.

Davis features prominently in Bush's Instagram, most recently visiting him in New York with their daughters just before the hot mic scandal.

'Teaching the squad about the NYC Subway ONLY way to go,' Bush wrote in one caption, adding that his daughters hated when he said the word 'squad'.

In another photo him and Davis posted with their daughter on her 18th birthday as she received her first tattoo.

Bush, who worked at Access Hollywood for 15 years, had only held his new job at Today for two months when he was given the boot following the Trump scandal.

Matt Lauer confirmed Bush's contract had been terminated 'effective immediately' on an episode of the Today Show last week.

Lauer closed out by saying: 'All of us here at Today wish Billy the very best.'

Tamron Hall also acknowledged Bush's departure later in the show, saying: 'As a longtime member of the NBC family, we wish Billy all the best as he moves forward.'

Bush said in a statement following the announcement that he was 'deeply grateful' for the conversations he'd had with his three teenage daughters.

'I look forward to what lies ahead,' he added.

Although speculation has swirled regarding where Bush might go next - including to the rumored future Trump TV - he has not yet confirmed his next step.

Instead it seems Bush has been busy trying to return to life in Los Angeles, even putting up his luxury Manhattan townhouse on the market for $8.2million.

Bush had purchased the building for $8.8million just last December.

It was initially reported that Bush walked away from NBC with $10million, but both his lawyer and additional sources said the figure was inaccurate.

Instead it is believed NBC would only pay some of the remainder of Bush's $3million-a-year contract, according to CNN Money.

Exact details of the settlement are not known at this time but sources said the contract does not include a non-compete clause, meaning Bush can look for jobs at rivals stations.

Bush's attorney Marshall Grossman spoke with The Hollywood Reporter about the interview with Trump, saying that Bush would have been risking his job if he had not laughed at Trump's statements and made lewd comments of his own.

'If Billy had been passive or responded "Shut the f*** up" to Trump, Billy would have been out of a job the next day,' said Grossman.

But one source told the Daily Mail Online that Bush had bragged about the tape while covering the Olympics this summer in Rio.

'What is stunning is how self-important Billy is,' the source said.

'Many people believe Access Hollywood management knew about this for much longer than they are saying and they were protecting Billy while not doing the right thing and informing NBC News.'
