'Girl' Fight! Kanye West Confronts Anna Wintour Over Putting Lena Dunham On 'Vogue' Cover Instead Of Fiancée Kim Kardashian

Too big for your designed sneakers, Kanye? During a recent power lunch at the Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, the hip hop star demanded answers from Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna Wintour to the question: Why did she judge Girls star Lena Dunham as being cover worthy for the famed fashion bible, while his fiance, Kim Kardashian, has long been overlooked?

Kanye, 36, insisted to the British-born fashion icon that Kim is "just as talented as Lena, if not more so," one source revealed to Radar.

"Kanye thinks that Kim has a much bigger fan base and appeal than Lena," said the insider.

"To Kanye, it's insulting that his friend Anna is still refusing to even consider putting Kim on the cover of Vogue. He thinks Anna is listening to a bunch of 'know-nothing' corporate haters, as he put it. He's upset that Anna isn't willing to do him this personal favor and put Kim on the cover.

"Kanye knows that it's always been a huge dream of Kim's to be on the Vogue cover and Kanye wants to make it comes true. If nothing else, Kanye is persistent."

PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Slammed The Kardashians

During an interview with Ryan Seacrest last year, Kanye declared: "There is no way Kim Kardashian shouldn't be on the cover of Vogue. She is the most intriguing woman right now. She has got Barbara Walters calling her like everyday."

The father-of-one may still has some work to do, however.

Last May, in a fashion slap heard around the world, Vogue editors cropped Kim out of its "Best Dressed" gallery when she appeared with West on the Met Ball red carpet in Manhattan, wearing the now infamous and universally panned floral print ensemble.

PHOTOS: Unforgettable In Paris: Kim Kardashian Busts Out With Kanye West

What's more, during Kanye's recent concert tour stop in Brooklyn, Wintour chose not to sit next to the E! starlet, despite being in the same VIP box.

"Anna is no fan of Kim or any reality star appearing in the pages of the magazine," one spy previously told Radar.

There is one consolation for the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star: Wintour is "open to the idea" of having Kardashian, 33, appear on the cover of the French or Italian edition of the magazine, a source confirmed.

"She hopes that will get Kanye off of her back," said the insider.

"There would still be some backlash if Anna allowed that to happen, but not as much if Kim were to appear on the U.S. edition."
