Queen Elizabeth and Kate Middleton Clash Again: Duchess Scared of Difficult Pregnancy, Adopting Second 'Royal' Baby - Reports

Kate Middleton is said to have miscarried. However, a new report claims otherwise. The new report says that it is impossible for Prince George's mom to have miscarried her second baby when she is not keen on getting pregnant anymore and would rather adopt instead. In fact, this is one of the things that Kate and Queen Elizabeth are arguing heatedly about.

The Aug. 11th print edition of Life & Style Magazine claims that Kate Middleton and Queen Elizabeth are in a serious row. This is not because Kate Middleton lost what could have been the baby sister (reportedly!) of Prince George, but because she does not want to get pregnant again at all. The assumption is that Camilla Parker-Bowles, Prince Charles' wife is the only royalty getting on the nerves of Queen Elizabeth, but it seems as if Kate Middleton is rubbing the Queen the wrong way too.

Celeb Dirty Laundry reports that Kate Middleton had it with all the meddling the Queen is doing with her personal affairs, especially on how to raise Prince George and when she should get pregnant again. Even though she originally wanted a lot of kids, having a difficult pregnancy with her first child made her apprehensive and scared about having another baby. Even though she's not entirely closing her doors to another baby, Kate is said to not want to have a second baby just yet.  Allegedly, she would rather adopt than have another one!

Because what the Queen wants, the Queen should get, Kate's attitude is making the Queen see red.  The idea that an adopted baby will grow up to become royalty is enough to send the Queen to a frenzy.  Royal tradition would say that only a baby with the royal family's bloodline would be considered "a spare" for the throne, so what Kate is suggesting will blow that tradition off. Kate knows this but she also observes that the Queen has not been that inflexible with other things to accommodate the needs of a modern monarchy. She is hoping against hope that the Queen might budge on this one so she does not undergo another difficult pregnancy and she would get to raise a child that is desperate for a good home, Celeb Dirty Laundry reports.

This is not the first time that Kate Middleton's ways and ideas crossed the Queen. The Life & Style magazine's July 14 feature "Tormented by the Queen," said the Queen flew into rage when she learned of Middleton's plans to move baby Prince George out of London.

Kate Middleton just wants to spend more time enjoying Prince George rather than plan another baby though. For this summer, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would change their yearly summer plan of vacationing in the private island of Mystique. With Prince George now in tow, August will be spent a bit differently.

"The couple will spend the rest of the time off in Norfolk, where the final refurbishments are being completed at their new country home, Anmer Hall, on the Queen's Sandringham Estate," shared royal family sources with Vanity Fair.
