Taylor Swift: The Real Reason She Gave Selena Gomez The Challenge

Now we know one of the reasons why Taylor Swift, 24, nominated Selena Gomez, 22, for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge on Aug. 16. A source told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that Taylor suggested Selena to take the icy plunge to see if she'd "really listen" to Taylor this time (since she doesn't about Justin Bieber, 20) and actually do it.

We've learned EXCLUSIVELY that Taylor believes Selena never listens to her and she nominated Selena for the challenge to see if she'd really accept.

"This is actually a test for Selena, since she doesn't listen to Taylor ever when it comes to advice she wants to see if she'll actually listen to her and do the ALS challenge," a source told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.

Selena recently got back together with her on-again-off-again beau Justin, and Taylor's not exactly his biggest fan. She was so "proud" of Selena for dumping Justin, but Selena couldn't resist reuniting with Justin after he agreed to go to "spiritual counseling together." We previously reported that Taylor was "sick of Selena telling her one thing and then going back to Justin."

Selena did accept the challenge and thanked Taylor, or "T-Swizzy," for the nomination. Selena posted the video of her getting soaked with icy cold water a few hours after Taylor completed the challenge with her friend Jamie King, 35. Selena said she was also going to donate money and decided to nominate  Cara Delevingne, 22, Suki Waterhouse, 22, and James Franco, 36! Justin also took part in the icy challenge.

We're just glad to see Taylor, Selena and Justin all become a part of the fight to raise awareness for ALS. The more support the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge gets the better.

Despite Taylor's advice and Justin's partying ways, Selena is back together with Justin. Justin is on "cloud nine" since reuniting and a source revealed that he told her that she was "his soulmate and couldn't live without her." So sweet!

The two were spotted out together on a lovely day in California on Aug. 16. Justin was goofing around and Selena was seen laughing in the video! Later on in the day, Justin posted another video rapping a love song likely to Selena!

What do YOU think, HollywoodLifers? Do you think Taylor used the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge to see if Selena would finally listen to her? Let us know!
