Miley Cyrus 'In Tears,' May Quit 'The Voice' Amid Epic War With Adam Levine And Blake Shelton?

The Voice TV singing competition show is fond of using fighting metaphors, from battle rounds to knock-outs. But this season, there's speculation that there are just as many battles being fought when the cameras are turned off as when viewers are watching. Is new coach Miley Cyrus secretly involved in a war with seasoned coaches Adam Levine and Blake Shelton?

Billboard pointed out that when it comes to the impressions of Miley and the other new coach, Alicia Keys, they're hitting the high notes of a position that can challenge even the most accomplished singer.

Coaches are tasked with taking on aspiring crooners, guiding them through the competition and providing them with tips on everything from stage presence to blending with the band. Even though Blake and Adam are experienced at banter, Cyrus and Keys immediately showed they were up to the challenge of teasing the guys while luring the best contestants onto their teams.

But what viewers can't see is the drama unfolding among Shelton, Levine, and Miley, according to OK. The battle has become so intense that Cyrus was hurt to the point of tears, and now she's doing her best to stay on the show and avoid quitting.

Team Miley seems to be rocking it when it comes to attracting the best wanna-be singers on the show, but sources cited by OK revealed that the "Wrecking Ball" singer is struggling because of the incessant feuding. However, even though she's battling both Blake and Adam, she is trying to stay strong, added one of the insiders.

Cyrus has "been in tears" during the filming of the singing competition TV show, with her tears caused by Adam "constantly" picking on her, revealed the source. Levine allegedly didn't stop with annoying Miley himself. Instead, he also persuaded his buddy Blake to "gang up" on the younger singer, added the insider.

Moreover, the feud reportedly has been gradually building to a crescendo, with Cyrus and Adam "at each others' throats" since the first day of filming, according to the source.

"[Levine] wants nothing to do with [Miley]," summed up the insider.

Even though Adam has recruited Blake to help him annoy Cyrus, the source shared that it's Levine who is focused on feuding.

As for just how bad it's gotten, Cyrus has threatened that she will quit The Voice as a result of the environment becoming "so bad," added the insider.

Alicia Keys is noticeably absent from the feud allegations, and Miley recently commented on reports that she and Alicia had teamed up so that for the first time, two female coaches could challenge Blake and Adam.

Dishing with Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon, Miley clarified that she had not chosen to unite with Alicia in order to have a "boys against girls" competition on The Voice. Instead, she has been siding with Keys because being sandwiched between Adam and Blake was infuriating, reported 98.7 Radio.

Despite reports claiming that Levine is bickering with Cyrus, she told Jimmy that in reality, it's Adam and Shelton who are arguing constantly.

"It never stops," she revealed about the bickering between Blake and Adam. "Even when the cameras are off, that is real."

Cyrus admitted that when she viewed the show, she assumed that the playful banter was just done for the cameras. But rather than end when filming stops, Levine and Shelton keep right on bickering.

"I always thought it was like a little thing they do on camera, no, it's all day," she summed up.
