Barack & Michelle Obama's Marriage Meltdown - How It's Costing Taxpayers Millions!

Barack Obama and his wife Michelle continues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The bitter marriage betweenandcontinues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The National ENQUIRER has seen exclusive records obtained by the government watchdogs of Judicial Watch - revealing that the feuding couple took separate private planes to take off to Hawaii for Christmas vacation!

According to official Air Force records, the battling Obamas used both Air Force One and a Boeing C-32A - the military equivalent of a Boeing 757. The second plane was apparently used to transport the First Lady so that she didn't have to travel with her Presidential spouse!

That helped to boost the costs of the strained couple's Christmas vacation to a total of $3,590,313.60! Michelle was traveling in style, too!

The Air Force's fact sheet revealed that the luxury plane features "a fully-enclosed stateroom," plus "a changing area, private lavatory, separate entertainment system, two first-class swivel seats and a convertible divan that seats three and folds out to a bed."

The ENQUIRER has already revealed how the angry First Lady has earned the nickname "Monster Michelle" from staffers who watch in fear as she often goes on the warpath!

"Michelle has been labeled a 'ruthless mon­ster' for bullying not only Barack, but her loyal staff," said an insider. "She dishes out abuse and punish­ment for the slightest of infractions. She doesn't give a damn who she humiliates - even the presi­dent!"

Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg (pictured) crashed her family's Martha's Vineyard vacation The ENQUIRER exposed how Michelle Obama exploded in fury when(pictured) crashed her family's Martha's Vineyard vacation and made off with her husband! Sources said that Caroline - President Barack Obama's U.S. ambassador to Japan - showed up out of the blue during the last week of the Obamas' two-week vacation on the Massachusetts island.

"He immediately started flirting up a storm, while Michelle could barely keep her temper in check," a snitch told The ENQUIRER. "Even though both their families were there, it was really intense!"

The ENQUIRER has also caught the First Couple fighting over wild child Malia after the 17-year-old was recently caught at a boozy Brown University student bash. Eyewitnesses said the First Daughter was playing the popular campus drinking game called Beer Pong!

"The First Lady and the President got into a screaming match over it, each blaming the other for letting their underage daughter attend a wild drinking party," said a political insider.

Michelle also ignored the taxpayers when she stormed off for a trip to China with her mother and daughters - putting aside Obama's concerns over cost.

Insiders told The ENQUIRER that Michelle (seen here in France) couldn't stand to be around her husband after the president took an embarrassing "selfie" photo with sexy Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt at Nelson Mandela's memorial service!

Things got worse for Barack after Michelle discovered a secret love nest kept by her husband! Multiple insiders confirmed to The ENQUIRER that Obama was a regular at the swanky Jefferson Hotel, located a few blocks from the White House.

"The 'commander-in-cheat,' as he's known at the place, comes and goes so frequently that some hotel staffers call the door he uses the 'Barack entrance,'" the insider divulged. "It's easy for the president to get to - and, best of all, it has a secret entrance so he can come and go discreetly!"
