
Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is 'Very Self-Conscious' About Her Changing Body, Says Source
Since Kylie Jenner’s pregnancy was confirmed nearly two months ago, the social media mogul has largely remained out of the spotlight — and she intends to stay that way, at least for now.

“Kylie is only trusting her closest friends and her sisters right now. She wants to reveal things on her own terms but she’s of course having fun teasing everyone. She knows all the attention is on her and her baby bump, but she won’t share until she wants to,” a source close to the Kylie Cosmetics founder tells PEOPLE.

In September, multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE that the 20-year-old reality star is due in February with her first child — a baby girl — with rapper Travis Scott, whom she has been dating since earlier this year after splitting from her on-again, off-again boyfriend Tyga in April.

“Travis is so excited about the baby. They’re both trying to enjoy this time for themselves and keep it private as long as they can. They know it’s going to be a frenzy when they do come out,” an insider close to the 25-year-old rapper tells PEOPLE.

“Travis is crazy about Kylie and he feels so lucky to have her and the baby,” adds the insider. “The family has been welcoming — they know how important it is to Kylie that everyone gets along.”

Although the couple is elated about becoming parents, the expectant Keeping Up with the Kardashians star is feeling self-conscious about her figure.

“Her body is changing and she’s very self-conscious about it,” says the source. “She’s always been insecure that she’s not as curvy or pretty as her sisters.”

Despite having feelings of insecurity as a result of her changing shape, the Lip Kit business mogul has her loving and supportive boyfriend by her side.

“Kylie and Travis are very happy together,” the source shares. “They spend time away from the spotlight and he’s been supportive.”

RELATED VIDEO: Kylie Jenner, 20, Pregnant with First Child with Travis Scott: They’re ‘Really Excited,’ Says Source

While news of Jenner’s pregnancy was unexpected, a source previously told PEOPLE that those close to her are thrilled about the couple’s little bun in the oven.

“The family has known for quite some time. She is really excited and so is Travis,” said a source close to the KUWTK star. Added another insider, “It is an unexpected but completely amazing turn of events that she could not be more excited or thrilled about. Everyone is overjoyed for her.”

The reality star’s baby won’t be the only new member joining the famous KarJenner brood: Jenner’s older sister Kim Kardashian West is expecting her third child (via surrogate) with husband Kanye West. And days after Jenner’s pregnancy was revealed, multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE that Khloé Kardashian and her NBA boyfriend, Tristan Thompson — whom she has been dating since September 2016 — are expecting a baby together.
