Has Khloe Kardashian had fillers?

She emphatically denied that she had any work done on her face to her own sisters on Keeping Up With The Kardashians, but now the truth is out.

Khloe Kardashian has admitted that she got facial fillers on the latest episode of her chat show Kocktails With Khloe, but it didn’t work out how she wanted.

The 31-year-old reality star, who has overhauled her image since her split from former NBA star Lamar Odom, revealed that she had a few bits done but didn’t like the results.

“My face was f****d!” she was heard telling her guests on the show.

Talking to plastic surgeon Dr Terry Dubrow, of the TV show Botched on her TV show, Khloe revealed how the look just didn’t work for her and she returned to get the filler “dissolved”.

“It did not work for me. I looked crazy, and I still think the effects are in there - I went to have it all dissolved like three times,” she said.

Khloe insisted that the first time she had the work done was before Lamar’s ‘accident’ in October last year, when he was found unconscious in a Nevada brothel after a wild weekend.

“I did it and then Lamar's accident happened,” Khloe explained, claiming that the result was affected by the athlete’s collapse.

“I was so stressed out the doctor was like, ‘I think it's just too much was happening to your real emotions’,” she said.

Raging about the look, Khloe continued: “My face was so f***ed I had to go and get this whole thing dissolved.

“It was a bummer and now I'm afraid to do it again. And I'm almost like, I swear things are still in my face.”

Khloe previously denied having any fillers, and was seen in the season finale of the family’s reality show telling her own sisters – Kim and Kourtney – that she had not received any treatment when quizzed about her changing look.

In scenes that aired in January, following Kris’ 60 Great Gatsby-themed birthday bash in November, Kim is heard speaking to Khloe on the phone.

“Khloe, I was gonna call you and talk to you last night about this,' Kim said. “Your whole face has changed. Did you do any filler?”

Khloe Kardashian kept her look pale and interesting as she stepped out in LA.

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star showcased her enviable curves as she enjoyed an outing with mum Kris Jenner.

Khloe, 31, bared her bra in a see-through white tank top which she teamed with a pair of form-fitting white jeans.

She completed her look with a pair of aviator sunglasses and high-heeled beige suede shoes.

Momager Kris, 60, kept her look simple in a black blazer, jeans and trainers and her toyboy boyfriend Corey Gamble, 35, looked laid-back in a grey tracksuit.

Khloe stepped out after returning from a boozy trip to Napa Valley with her mum and sister Kourtney.

The trio shared hilarious videos of their tipsy exploits on Snapchat as they sampled the alcohol.

From a conversation about "squirting", to some sexy dancing from Khloe, and then THAT chant/rap from Kris - we saw quite the show from the family members.

In one video Kris was seen looking ahead as she continuously chanted: "Oh walkie talkie, Oh wa, oh wa, oh walkie talkie."

Kourtney shared a snap revealing half drunk glasses of wine with the caption: "Hungover wine tasting."

We bet they had sore heads the next day.

At one point, Kris appeared unable to pronounce the word "Kindle," as Khloe corrected her, saying, "No, a Kendall is your daughter. Kindle."

Later Khloe couldn't resist poking fun at her sister Kylie, as she used a face distortion app to make her lips huge - joking that it's the "Kylie Jenner filter".

Kylie has admitted to having temporary lip fillers, insisting it has helped her confidence.
