Blake Griffin: Did He Kick His Baby Mama Out For Kendall Jenner?

It's only been a few weeks since the world learned that Blake Griffin and Kendall Jenner are dating, but it looks as though the lanky couple is moving very fast.

They've been hanging out in public; she's already banned from the Staples Center ...

Yes, they've checking off items from the "new Kardashian-professional athlete relationship" checklist at breakneck speed.

There's just one problem.

Neither Blake nor Kendall was 100 percent single when they met, which means they're both in the process of distancing themselves from their most recent exes as they simultaneously attempt to build a new relationship together.

Insiders say Kendall was still dating A$AP Rocky when she started hooking up with Blake, but it sounds like that situation won't present much of a challenge.

“He isn’t the type to settle down or be a good boyfriend, so she’s playing the field too," one insider said of Rocky.

So we imagine he wasn't too torn up about being cut from Team Kendall.

Blake, on the other hand, is in a bit of a tighter spot.

The LA Clippers forward has two kids with Brynn Cameron, whom he dated for several years.

Though the couple had experienced relationship troubles in recent months and even lived apart during a trial separation, sources say Cameron was blindsided by the news that Griffin was dating Kendall.

According to sources close to the couple, Cameron unexpectedly moved out of the home she previously shared with Griffin this week.

And naturally, many are claiming that Kendall is to blame.

"Both Brynn and Blake have been staying at rented places since their breakup happened. It seemed like they wanted to give it time for the dust to settle before disrupting the kids with a big move," one insider reveals.

"That said, Brynn feels totally betrayed and mortified that Blake has chosen to be so public with Kendall, and she just wants this whole mess to be over," the informant adds.

"He’s in Clippers training camp now, so she figured it was the perfect time to do it."

So it sounds like Blake and Brynn were headed in the vague direction of Splitsville, but Kendall was what drove them to finally call it quits.

Fans are reportedly angry, as Brynn was a beloved member of the Clippers community.

Wait until the NBA season starts and all the "Kardashian curse" talk comes with it.
