Anorexic Angelina Jolie Wasting Away

Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!

“She’s refusing to eat!” one concerned insider told The National ENQUIRER. “Angie weighs just 82 pounds and looks absolutely anorexic. If something isn’t done soon, she’ll waste away to nothing!

“There’s no meat on her bones, her eyes are sunken into their sockets and her arms and legs are achingly skinny!”

PHOTOS: Wasting Away! Angelina Jolie Skinnier Than Ever In Shocking New Photos

Angie’s skeletal frame at the L.A. premiere of “Kung Fu Panda 3” on Jan. 16 shocked fans everywhere.

Now it’s time for her loved ones, including husband Brad Pitt, to act!

“They need to make Angie understand the dire straits she’s in,” the insider said. “Her health situation is going from serious to dire!”

Added Franci Cohen, a New York City nutritionist: “If she keeps pushing boundaries, her body will shut completely down without further warning.”

After viewing pics of Angie at the event, Dr. Art Mollen of the Mollen Clinic in Scottsdale, Ariz., said he’d “immediately” admit a person in her condition to an inpatient behavioral treatment center.

“This requires a multi-disciplined approach including psychiatrists, cardiologists, nutritionists and even the family to save the person’s life,” Dr. Mollen noted.

“Anyone who has a significantly low body weight like this and consistently abuses their body in this way can cause his or herself major harm,” he explained.

Her prognosis “would have to be guarded at best. Any time I see a person suffering with what appears to be anorexia, there are deep-seated problems, whether it’s in the marriage or elsewhere.”

Angie, 40, has continually ignored her health as she focuses on her career and humanitarian work, as The ENQUIRER has reported.

PHOTOS: How Will The Stars Look As Time Goes By

But Angie refuses to “slow down her hectic lifestyle” — although docs have told her she could be a prime candidate to develop cancer if she doesn’t look after her health — and even warned her, “You will die!” — a source said.

The mom of six underwent a preventive double mastectomy in 2013. She’s since also had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed.

Those surgeries forced her body into early menopause — putting her at a greater risk of a wide array of life-threatening ailments, including cardiovascular and neurological diseases.

“Sometimes she goes a full day without eating a solid meal, and other days sleeps until late afternoon because she’s so worn out,” said one worried pal.

Another source said: “She looks incredibly gaunt, her skin is practically translucent. Her hair has thinned out. She looks terribly ill.”

Medical expert Dr. Stuart Fischer said he believes Angie is suffering from cachexia, a wasting syndrome that can dramatically increase the chance of death from an underlying condition.

Brad, 52, is alarmed by his wife’s appearance, sources said, and has consulted with therapists, dietitians and other experts to help Angie. But she refuses to slow down or take care of herself — even though she’s so underweight she suffers dizzy spells!

“He’s at the end of his rope,” a source said.

It’s time for Angie’s nearest and dearest to stage an intervention, and convince her to get help — before it’s too late — insiders said.

