Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate

She's expecting her third child via surrogate.

But the woman carrying Kim Kardashian's unborn child didn't even know she was carrying the super star's baby.

'She didn't know at the beginning,' Kim, 37, revealed during her appearance on the talk show The Real on Thursday.

Asked if it was even safe to tell the surrogate her identity, Kim said it was possible to go through the process anonymously.

But she said had fears the surrogate may not even be a fan of hers.

'Well you can do it totally anonymously,' Kim replied.  'You could go that route, and I just felt like I wanted, whoever's carrying my baby, like what if they weren't a fan of me or my husband? And what if they didn't want to be carrying our baby?'

Kim said she wanted to develop a relationship with the woman.

'I wanted to give them that choice and be proud and on the same page and I wanted a relationship with her.'

Luckily Kim's surrogate was delighted to learn whose child she was carrying, and was 'proud' to do so, knowing the complications she suffered from during her previous pregnancies.

'She was really excited! She was someone that had watched the show, not like a super fan or anything that it would have been uncomfortable, but she had seen my struggle and seen how open I was about it. So she was really proud to do it, really excited,' Kim said.

Kim recently threw herself a baby shower, though explained she didn't invite the surrogate.

'I, um, I did not [invite her]. I did introduce her to my family. I introduced her to my family earlier that day. And, you know, I just thought, I don’t know, it was like a weird decision to have to make,' said the KUWTK star.

'I think I have to explain it to my kids first and figure out how I’m going to explain it to them.'

Kim insisted there are no ill feelings.

'I love her. I have the best relationship with my surrogate. She’s so nice. She is the perfect person to do this for my family. She’s great. She’s been amazing.'

Kim and her husband Kanye West also have daughter North, four, and son Saint, one.
