Kim Kardashian displays shocking hair loss after 'relying on weaves'

She's left fans green with envy thanks to her incredible post-pregnancy weight loss. 



But it seems that Kim Kardashian's rush to regain her svelte frame has had an unwanted effect on her hair. 



Images of the 33-year-old with her hair tied up in a high bun while out in Los Angeles last week show the extent of what appears to be extreme hair loss, which the reality star seems to have been attempting to cover up with weaves and hair extensions.

And according to hair extension expert Tatiana Karelina, it could be Kim's rapid weight loss that triggered her hair loss. 



Tatiana told MailOnline: 'It is well known that during the later stage of pregnancy you lose less hair due to hormones, making it thicker and lusher, but when you have the baby most women find they  seem to be losing a lot more hair than normal.

'What with the rapid amount of weight Kim lost and dieting in the months after the birth, this may have accelerated the hair loss, giving sparser looking patches, we can clearly see how thin her hair is around the hairline. 



Thinning out: Hair extension expert Tatiana Karelina told MailOnline that Kim's rapid post-pregnancy weight loss could have contributed to her thinning locks

 Where the real ends and the fake begins: The line of Kim's extensions could clearly be seen During pregnancy: Kim showed no signs of any hair loss as she was pictured with her hair scraped back into a ponytail back last May 'Birth and rapid weightloss are both factors that have triggered her thinning hair and made her opt for hair extensions to boost her diminished hair volume.' Tatiana added that Kim's apparent reliance on hair extensions to give her boosted locks have now left her with Traction Alopecia, and that she should have the weaves removed as soon as possible if she doesn't want to damage her hair further. 

 She told MailOnline: 'In spite of giving instant full thick hair, weaves put extreme pressure on the hair and scalp, often too heavy and tight, the pulling and weight often cause severe migraines and Traction Alopecia, and actually aid hair loss rather than help to recover healthy hair regrowth. Top knot trouble: Kim displayed the hair loss as she wore her hair up in a high bun while out in Los Angeles last week



'I would not recommend that Kim keep the weave in her hair, but rather opt for lighter non damaging types of extensions, or a simple clip-in that can be taken out often to relieve pressure on hair follicles and the scalp.'

Kim isn't the only star to have suffered after relying on extensions and weaves.

Rihanna and Naomi Campbell are among the other famous faces to have found themselves with damaged hair after boosting their barnets with extensions.
