Michelle Obama’s Plastic Surgery Scandal!

Her vanity comes before our vets! In a slap in the face to America’s courageous wounded warriors, First Lady MICHELLE OBAMA used Walter Reed Army Medical Center as her own personal outpatient plastic surgery clinic, The National ENQUIRER has learned.

“It’s appalling!” fumed Jill Farrell of Judicial Watch. “With taxpayers picking up the tab for her ski trips to Aspen and beach outings to Hawaii, we might as well pay for her abs and butt, too!”

Michelle was whisked to the hospital with “the utmost secrecy” in the summer of 2011, a source told The ENQUIRER.

“Secret Service agents were stationed both inside and outside the operating room. Michelle had fat sucked from her abdomen, hips and butt.”

While such procedures can take up to two hours, “she was done in 45 minutes to an hour.”

What’s more, the source added, “When elective surgery is done, even if it’s cosmetic, the surgeon’s fee is waived. If Michelle paid anything, it would have been just for the anesthesiologist.

“Because Michelle is First Lady though, I wouldn’t be surprised if the government picked up the total tab, meaning taxpayers forked over their hard-earned dollars to satisfy her vanity!”

The ENQUIRER has also learned Michelle, 51, has likely had more than just liposuction at such military facilities.

We asked a panel of top plastic surgeons to analyze before-and-after photos of the First Lady, and each agreed the mother of two has undergone a so-called “liquid facelift” with Botox and filler injections, plus a nose job!

“A little Botox helps to smooth out those forehead lines earned during the last campaign,” theorized Dr. Lyle Back. “I can [also] see the rhinoplasty work she had done is very obvious. It is superb, sophisticated work, though.”

Dr. Otto Placik said Michelle now has fewer crow’s feet, indicating she’s had “definite Botox,” as well as a Hollywood-ready smile.

He added: “Her lips are fuller, indicating fillers into both upper and lower lips. Besides that, her marionette lines [running down from the corners of her mouth] are almost completely gone.”

Respected plastic surgeon Dr. Steven Dayan added: “She has a decrease in the height of her smile, which can happen when a lot of filler is placed in the cheeks and smile lines.”

The experts’ conclusions further incensed Jill, who charged: “Michelle Obama is taking up needed space while veterans are awaiting care and suffering. It’s a crying shame!”
