Kim and Kanye's marriage on the rocks as she's pictured WITHOUT wedding ring

FRIENDS say Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s marriage is over.

US reality star Kim, 36, ditched her wedding ring as her relationship with the rapper hit rock bottom.

Kim ordered husband Kanye to stay away from her family’s traditional Christmas Eve bash, friends revealed last night.

Her wedding finger was bare on Saturday night as she partied with her mum and sisters at their annual festive gathering in LA.

Troubled rapper Kanye, 39, instead went to the cinema with friends.

But he then defied Kim’s warning by making a late appearance at the event.

However, she is said to have blanked her husband and insiders last night claimed their two-year marriage is “as good as over”.



 Kendall Jenner says family are praying for Kanye West's recovery

It comes at the end of a nightmare 2016 for the couple which saw Kim, 36, robbed at gunpoint in Paris in October and Kanye hospitalised a month later after a mental breakdown.

The pair put on a united front with their daughter North, three, at a ­performance of The Nutcracker ballet at an LA theatre on Friday.

However, onlookers revealed the ­couple — who also have a year-old son Saint — barely spoke to each other.

A source said: “Kim and Kanye’s marriage is as good as over. It’s looking bleak.

"She didn’t want Kanye at her mum’s Christmas bash this year, as she felt it was the first time she could really let her hair down.

“But he made a late show and spent the last hour just sitting on the couch talking to Scott Disick [dad of Kourtney’s kids] — he was a total wallflower.

“On Friday they took North to see The Nutcracker but they barely spoke or interacted inside.

"The tensions were  visible. Neither of them are in a happy place right now.

“He spent Christmas morning at Kris’ [Kim’s mum] to make things as normal for the kids as possible, but it’s just a matter of timing.

"The only thing that might keep them together is the kids.”



 New video of Kanye West ranting before he stops Sacramento gig early

Kim, who wore a gold dress at the Christmas Eve party in Calabasas, blew kisses in a video shared on her sister Khloe’s Snapchat account.

She was also sporting a new lip ring but her wedding band was off.

In the video, Khloe, 32, can be heard saying: “How dope is my f***ing sister? Look at this dress. And look at the jewellery. You are a bad*** bitch, Kim.”

The US reality star has barely been seen in public since her Paris ordeal, when she was bound and robbed at gunpoint in a reported £8.5million heist.

Kanye has cancelled all tour dates after coming out of hospital at the end of November.

He suffered a mental breakdown, with a cousin claiming he has “stopped trusting people”.

Lawrence Franklin claimed last week Kanye’s decline started after he paid £200,000 to a relative who was threatening to leak a sex tape of him.

Kim and Kanye have  also reportedly been  in counselling while the rapper is  receiving therapy.

Kim is said to be still angry after Kanye flew to New York for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump within hours of leaving hospital.

A source said: “It was the worst thing that he has ever done in her eyes. When she tried to get him to call it off and come home, he refused.”

Any break-up is likely to lead to a complicated split of Kanye’s fortune, estimated by Forbes to be £145million.
