O.J. Simpson will agree to Khloe Kardashian paternity test if she visits him in prison, former guard says

O.J. Simpson would reportedly take a paternity test to see if Khloe Kardashian is his daughter, but there's one catch: The reality star would need to visit him in prison.

The former football star, a close friend of late lawyer Robert Kardashian, will consent to a mouth swab but wants the "Kocktails with Khloe" starlet to "show him a little respect" and stop by the Lovelock Correctional Center in Nevada, according to the Daily Mail Online.

The website cites Jeffrey Felix, a former Lovelock prison guard who claims the facility has given permission for the test, as its source. Felix also penned a book about Simpson called "Guarding the Juice."

"He wants to talk to her about some other things too, but more importantly like her he wants to know if she is his daughter," Felix said.

In the new documentary "The Man Who Saved O.J. Simpson," Felix claimed the 31-year-old Kardashian had begged Simpson to put the paternity question to rest with a test.

Kardashian is the third of four children born to Robert Kardashian, who died of esophageal cancer in 2003, and Kris Jenner, who divorced him in 1991.

The reality star set off ceaseless rumors after speculating on a 2009 episode of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" that she might be adopted — and even swabbed her mom's mouth for a DNA test.

They continued to fend off gossip over Kardashian's paternity, particularly after Robert Kardashian's ex-wives Jan Ashley and Ellen Kardashian, who he married after divorcing Jenner, suggested in a 2012 Star Magazine story that she wasn't a member of the famous family.

Khloe Kardashian got first taste of racism during O.J. trial
"The audacity you have to mention my father's name like this! Should be ashamed of urself! I let a lot of things slide but this one is really low," Kardashian, then married to Lamar Odom, tweeted at the time. "YOU ARE DISGUSTING! (yes you know who YOU are)."

Jenner later chimed in during a "Good Morning America" interview, calling the theory "crap" and telling its promoters to "get a life."

"I was there, right. I gave birth, I know who the dad was. Everything’s good. We’re all good," the momager said.

The ex-NFL star was famously acquitted of the murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman in the 1995 "Trial of the Century," during which Robert Kardashian served as a member of Simpson's legal dream team.

Jenner, who has admitted she wasn’t faithful to the trial lawyer during their marriage, was a close friend of Brown Simpson.

Not to be licensed for fine art prints or consumer products. No wall decor use without prior contributor consent.
Kris Jenner later married decathlete Caitlyn Jenner, then known as Bruce Jenner. (RON GALELLA, LTD./WIREIMAGE)
Simpson is currently serving a 33-year sentence on armed robbery and kidnapping charges stemming from a 2008 Las Vegas hotel-room altercation. He could be eligible for parole in 2017.

A rep for Kardashian and attorney for Simpson have not yet returned the Daily News' requests for comment.


