Pop insiders claim Justin Bieber cancelled long-running tour as he's considering starting his own church

POP insiders sensationally claim Justin Bieber may have cancelled his current long-running tour so he can start up his own CHURCH. Bieber shocked millions of fans yesterday when he revealed he was calling off the Purpose tour months before it was due to end as he was "burned out." The Canadian has revealed he wants to get back to his religious roots

He wrote on Facebook that he was was feeling exhausted after 18 long months on the road. However, sources claim Bieber may now be looking at starting up his own church as part of his plan to get closer to God.

"[He’s] very close to a lot of the Hillsong people. Whether he’s looking at teaming up with them in something of a more permanent situation or doing some sort of religious activity on his own – starting his own church – we’re not quite sure, but that’s the word from an inside source.”

A statement on the star's Facebook site read: “Due to unforeseen circumstances, Justin Bieber will cancel the remainder of the Purpose World Tour concerts.

One wrote: " I'm sad, but i understand. I wish nothing but the best for Justin Bieber and hope all is well. I will be at his next tour and will keep him in prayer."

While another posted: "I hope you're okay Justin xxx Your health and wellbeing is more important than the tour.

"We beliebers support you no matter what. None of us care so much about the tour at the moment ...we care about you and your team. Well done for all the hard work you and the rest of the crew did over the past 18 months Love you xxx"

Over the last two years, Bieber has admitted he had turned to God as way of getting his life back on the straight and narrow.

In a media interview, the Canadian said that God had come to him when he was lost.

He believed that "the almighty" was telling him something.

That was when he decided to change his life for the better and in his own words, "get his stuff together."

And just last month, he took a leap of faith off a cliff in New Zealand, symbolically marking a new chapter in his journey with Christ.

Bieber said the name of "Jesus" before launching himself off a cliff at New Zealand's famous Shotover Canyon Swing & Canyon Fox nature reserve.

He fell backwards with closed eyes and hands behind his head.

The video of his fall has reached millions of people. He captioned it #airbaptism and #gracefall.

Bieber was raised in a Christian home but fame and millions of dollars at an early age eroded his relationship with God.

He claims all of that changed when he rededicated his life to Christ and got rebaptised in 2017.

Now he uses his music to express his newfound faith, including singing worship songs at his concerts, and posting pictures of him at church on social media.

BAD BOY From drink-drive arrests to egging houses, Bieber's most outrageous antics Justin Bieber was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol, marijuana and prescription drugs. The star had been drag racing a yellow Lamborghini on a Miami beach street with R&B singer Khalil, who had been driving a red Ferrari. Charges were later dropped in an agreement which required Bieber to, among other things, go to anger management counselling and make a large donation to the “Our Kids” organization. Hours after his lawyer filed a not guilty plea to his drunk-driving charge, Justin Bieber was then charged with assault for allegedly hitting a limousine driver repeatedly in the back of the head. The alleged assault occurred when the driver collected six people from a Toronto nightclub on 29 December 2013. However criminal charges against Bieber were late withdrawn. Pilots of a private jet taking Justin Bieber and his entourage to the Super Bowl were forced to wear oxygen masks to protect against inhaling marijuana fumes which were filling the plane. NBC news reported that the captain of the plane was so concerned about the abusive behaviour of Bieber and his father towards a flight attendant that he had to move her away from them. Probably the most famous incident, Bieber was sentenced to two years’ probation and five days community service for egging the house of his neighbour, sports-agent Jeff Schwartz. As well as community service Bieber was also ordered to pay almost $90,000 in damages to his neighbour and undergo anger management counselling. Bieber stormed off stage mid-performance in Manchester after demanding that the crowd stop screaming in between his songs. However the singer did later return to finish his set. The pop star is filmed apparently punching a fan in Barcelona. The fan leaned into Bieber’s moving vehicle to touch him and footage shows Bieber seemingly responding by punching the fan in the face
