Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince William Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry

Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince William for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.

Prince William and Kate Middleton rekindled their shared love of art during a visit to the Musee D’Orsay in Paris. The Duke and Duchess first fell in love while studying art history at St Andrew’s University in Scotland nearly two decades ago.

Eyewitnesses say that art enthusiast Kate Middleton asked lots of questions during their tour of the museum with William by her side. Kate certainly did show the public that she was still angry at her husband as she tried to remain as calm and engaged as possible during their tour. Insiders say that Prince William, meanwhile, looked tired and tense.

Judging from the photos that were snapped, there is some major tension between the Royal couple right now.  Kate looked absolutely miserable!

There’s a possibility that Kate Middleton is worried that if she does divorce Prince William, she won’t have the same privileged lifestyle that she has now. It’s no secret that the Duchess of Cambridge makes headlines simply because she’s Prince William’s wife. But, if she decides to pull the plug on her royal marriage, Kate’s life won’t be the same.

She won’t be generating publicity for what she wore or how she looked during her public appearances. And, that’s probably what she’ll miss the most. Kate Middleton loves the spotlight but without the royal family, she won’t be in it anymore.

Plus, royal observers know that if Kate Middleton forgives Prince William for his antics drunken antics now, there’s a good chance that she’ll forgive him again and again. In other words, the Duchess is turning a blind eye to her husband’s behavior because she probably doesn’t have any other choice. It’s either this or she goes back to her mother Carole Middleton’s party favor business. Do you agree?

Tell us, do you think Kate Middleton is desperately trying to hold on to her royal marriage? Is she worried about letting go of her pampered lifestyle? Drop us a line with your thoughts in our comments section below. Also, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here!
