Julia Roberts and Danny Moder May Be Headed for Divorce: "The Problems Keep Piling Up"

Say it ain't so!

According to In Touch Weekly, Julia Roberts and Danny Moder's nearly 15-year marriage is on the rocks — and the Hollywood couple may sadly be headed for a divorce.

"They’ve been fighting over things from his work schedule to her control issues to how to raise their kids," an insider recently told the magazine, adding Danny, 48, is now basically living in the pair's Malibu guest house away from Julia.



"The problems keep piling up," the family friend continued. "I don’t know how much more this marriage can withstand."

Julia Roberts' Family
Julia, Danny and their three children in 2015. (Photo Credit: Getty Images)

The 49-year-old actress and Danny tied the knot in July 2002 and are parents to three kids: nine-year-old son Henry and 12-year-old twins Hazel and Phinnaeus.

The source additionally revealed that Julia — who turns 50 in October — has been excessively flirting with younger men and Danny can't stand it. Late last year, the Pretty Woman star put on an embarrassing display while chatting with pro soccer players at a Manchester United Red Devils game.



"They were given VIP treatment, met the players and went on the field," the insider revealed. "But to Danny’s shock, Julia morphed into the ultimate fangirl when she met Man U midfielders Paul Pogba and Ander Herrera."

Julia Roberts and Danny Moder
Julia and Danny in 2014. (Photo Credit: Getty Images)

"Danny dutifully took photos of Julia’s amorous display, but was completely unnerved by her actions. He was red-faced with humiliation," the friend continued.



“[A few months later], she became incredibly smitten with Real Madrid star Sergio Ramos when she and the family were in Spain for another world-class soccer contest between Real and Barcelona," the source said.

"Once again, Danny looked on resentfully as she fawned all over the athletes. He was seething by the time Julia was done with another embarrassing photo session," the insider told In Touch.

So are Danny and Julia really headed for a split? Only time will tell!
