Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaks down in tears at Cannes Film Festival

She gained global recognition for her role in Interview With The Vampire at the tender age of 12, so she is no stranger to commanding attention on the red carpet.

But new shots have emerged of Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaking down in tears as she attended The Beguiled premiere during the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in the South of France on Wednesday.

Making a dramatic red carpet appearance, the accomplished  actress, 35, was seen crying as she stepped out in a fairytale plunging ballgown to promote the film.

In unexpected scenes, Kirsten found herself overwhelmed with emotion, catching the attention of onlookers as she wiped away the tears.

Quick to join her were co-star Elle Fanning, dressed in strapless lilac gown, and the director of the film Sofia Coppola, dressed in a black padded jacket.

The smiling reaction from the duo suggested the Golden Globe nominee was tears of happiness.

MailOnline has contacted a representative for Kirsten Dunst for comment.

In spite of it being an emotional night, Kirsten looked beautiful in a full-length prom queen-style gown.

The Virgin Suicides starlet pinned her golden locks back, letting only a few wisps fall forward to frame her face.

But Kirsten's stunning appearance was not marred by her tears as her slick of scarlet lipstick and eyeliner remained perfectly in place.

Touched by the night's emotions, she clasped her hand to her chest as she appeared to confide in her co-star Colin Farrell.

The actress did not publicly share the reason to why she suddenly burst into tears.

Later she was seen laughing and smiling with pals after an unexpectedly eventful red carpet appearance.

Kirsten was promoting her movie, The Beguiled, which tells the story of an injured solider who seeks shelter in an all girls' boarding school.

As the drama unfolds and the serviceman (Colin Farrell) tries to win the hearts of the women who nurse him.

Dangerous rivalries begin to form between the women (played by Kirsten, Elle Fanning and Nicole Kidman) as a result of sexual temptation.

During filming for a previous movie, the director had asked Kirsten to lose weight but she had refused.

Recalling the incident, she told Variety: 'I’m eating fried chicken and McDonald’s before work. So I’m like, 'We have no options!

'I’m sorry I can’t lose weight for this role.''

'It’s so much harder when you’re 35 and hate working out.' 


