Iggy Azalea and Odell Beckham Jr.: Dating!

You might be surprised by the news that Odell Beckham Jr. and Iggy Azalea are dating, but if you stop and think about it for a moment, they actually make perfect sense as a couple.

For one thing, Odell is famous for his one-handed catch, and Iggy is a famous one-hit wonder.

Beckham is forever frustrating defensive backs with his incredible talent, while Azalea frustrates her peers by being an offensive hack with an appalling lack of talent.

The list goes on and on:

Odell is a wide receiver, and Iggy receives widespread criticism for being awful.

Beckham runs hot routes and catches passes, while Azalea received a pass for being a terrible rapper because she's hot.

You get the idea.

Anyway, according to Us Weekly, Beckham and Azalea have finally started admitting that they're a couple.

Rumors that Odell and Iggy are dating first started circulating back in May, but both parties denied they'd been hooking up.

“I literally don’t even know Odell Beckham. I don’t,” Azalea told TMZ at the time.

“He was at my friend’s party and we took a picture with a bunch of people and that’s it. I don’t know him. I’ve not even had a conversation with him.”

Shortly thereafter, however, Iggy admitted that she and Beckham were more than friends, but insisted they had "a long way to go” to become a couple.

Now, they're finally dating openly, but reps for Azalea are still lying about the relationship for some reason:

“It’s new, very fresh,” one insider tells Us.

Apparently, we're all supposed to ignore the fact that Iggy and Odell have clearly been dating for like six months.

We can actually see why Iggy would want to keep her love life out of the headlines.

Her last relationship imploded in spectacular fashion when LA Laker Nick Young was caught cheating on Iggy after his teammate uploaded a candid video of Young confessing to infidelity.

Shortly thereafter, Iggy learned that Young, whom she was engaged to at the time, had gotten another woman pregnant.

An experience like that would make anyone want to keep their next relationship on the DL for as long as possible.

For his part, Odell was previously dating model Polyxeni Ferfeli.

Everyone has a type, and apparently, Odell's is super into chicks with ridiculous names.

We wonder is Polyxeni is also a horrendous rapper ...
