Beyonce's Officially Gone Overboard With Her CRAZY Delivery Plan Demands & Here's Why

There’s no denying that Beyonce is one of Hollywood’s biggest diva’s but new sources suggest her demands just got even crazier. In anticipation of the arrival of their beloved twins, the singer and her husband Jay-Z have concocted a delivery plan so insane you’d think they’re royalty. On the heels of reports that the famous couple have moved to a rental property close to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital, where Bey’s due to give birth, insiders tell Heat magazine that “the event is set to be a no-expense-spared extravaganza.” Click through to get the scoop inside Beyonce’s delivery room plans, and how the couple’s daughter, Blue Ivy, will have a very peculiar role in the process.

“Bey and Jay want three suites in the hospital- they only had one for Blue. This will give their people space and allow for security, who are needed because people will inevitably try to sneak in and take pictures of the twins,” a source tells the tabloid. Understandably, the duo are “not taking any chances.” BT45tW4A8mR

And what’s more is that the famous parents have asked their five-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy, to help deliver the twins. “Beyonce has decided Blue will be part of the delivery process to make sure she’s not jealous of her new siblings. Blue has her own birth plan written up, and will be staying in the room throughout. She’s set to be the first person to hold the babies after the doctor handing them to Jay-Z.” BTrg0rEg9gY

The insider continues, “Blue’s got $1,200 Givenchy nurse’s outfit, and a notepad to write down the twins’ weights. She will also help to tie the identification bracelets on their wrists.” Sources tell the outlet that Blue “isn’t nervous about seeing her mum give birth – quite the opposite. She’s really excited.” BTN6tgmAC-W

Once the twins are born, they’ll undoubetedly be some of the most richest babies in the world, and the couple will do whatever it takes to protect them. “The twins’ protection is paramount, and word is they’ve hired ten security guards for each one. They won’t all work at once, but there will always be at least two each around the clock. The cost is a couple of million dollars a year, easily.” BSXePJMga6x

Wow! What do you think of Beyonce’s delivery plan demands? Sound off in the comments! BRzJh3OAnBA
