Robert Pattinson Finally Has Successful Movie - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry

Robert Pattinson is elated at the success of his upcoming film, “Good Time”. The film premiered at Cannes Film Festival and the movie and actor received a six-minute standing ovation. There is also Oscar buzz surrounding Robert, with some speculating he could receive a Best Actor nomination.

In the gritty, crime film, Robert portrays a criminal named Connie Nikas, who plans a bank heist with his brother. Robert toned down his usually good looks, to the point of being unrecognizable and at one point, he sported shaggy, bleached blonde hair. The star admitted that he was able to shoot scenes in New York without anyone knowing who he was.

When the film premiered recently at Cannes, not only did it receive a standing ovation, there were audible cheers from audience members shouting “Bravo” and many came up to Robert to tell him what a great job he had done in the movie. Critics are also raving about the film, which is a departure for Robert, who is used to being ripped by critics and having his films tank at the box office.

Of course everyone knows Robert’s big break came with the 2008 film, “Twilight” where he portrayed broody teenage vampire, Edward Cullen, and continued with the character for a total of four movies. The “Twilight” movies became a billion dollar franchise, making Robert a household name and the object of desire for teenage girls. While he was paid millions to take on the role, it pigeon holed him in Hollywood and almost ruined his career.

For the past few year, Robert has starred in a string of box office duds, including the sappy, coming of age movie, “Remember Me” and mostly forgettable indie films. Some wondered if he would ever see box office success again, while some were quick to blame his faltering career on the “Twilight Curse”.

Since the ending of the “Twilight” and it’s sequels in 2012, most of the young stars from the movie have failed to see further success. Taylor Lautner was supposed to become the next big action star, but after the box office bomb, “Abduction”, he disappeared from Hollywood for years before returning to the small screen with “Scream Queens”.

Other actors from the movie franchise, Nikki Reed, Ashley Greene, Kellan Lutz, and Jackson Rathbone have also had trouble finding success after “Twilight” with each having a box office dud and now most are seen only in the occasional straight-to-DVD movie.

Kristen Stewart, who portrayed Bella, has continued to work regularly, although her career suffered a hiccup when it was revealed she had an affair with her married “Snow White and the Huntsman” director.

With the positive buzz surrounding his latest film, I’m sure Robert Pattinson is glad his “Twilight Curse” appears to be over.

