Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Trial Separation Lasted for Six Weeks (EXCLUSIVE)

After suffering a breakdown at the end of 2016, Kanye West has been keeping an extremely low profile. But what fans didn't know is that the rapper and his wife Kim Kardashian were going through a trial separation.

A Kanye insider tells Life & Style that for the past six weeks, the famous couple took a step back from their relationship and barely spent any time together.

MORE: We Can't Keep Up With the Kardashians' Beach Body Transformations!

“They want you to think that Kanye just needed a break from fame and Hollywood, [but] he also wanted a break from Kim and his life with her," the insider reveals.

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Best Couple Dressing Moments
Play Video
But the duo's third wedding anniversary on May 24 made them reconsider the split. Kim even posted a tribute to her hubby on Instagram, writing, "3 down, a lifetime to go...," though friends weren't sure they'd make it. “They’re trying to make it work,” a different source shares, “but there are a lot of problems between them. It’s an ongoing struggle.”

For example, Kanye, who infamously threw out a good chunk of Kim's wardrobe when they first got together, "feels like she isn’t worldly or interested in experiencing other cultures,” the source admits.


Adds the first insider, “They’re on different paths and don’t connect anymore." And although Kanye accompanied her on a trip to Disneyland with their kids recently, the brunette beauty has had to essentially parent by herself during this time apart.

A third source told Life & Style earlier this month that the artist, who's allegedly in Wyoming working on a new album, is still struggling to find stability. "He’s not back to himself since the hospitalization. He doesn’t want to put himself in a situation where he’s taking on too much.”

MORE: Kim Kardashian Forced to Delete "Controversial" Tweet Following Ariana Grande Concert Bombing

For more updates on the Kardashian Klan, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now. And scroll through the gallery below for a look back at Kimye's most cringe-worthy moments!
