Aquaman actresses Nicole Kidman and Amber Heard feuding on DC movie set?

James Wan started filming for Aquaman in Australia last month. While Jason Momoa and Mera actress Amber Heard have already shot their first scene together, Queen Atlanna actress Nicole Kidman reached a few days ago. Following her landing, there have reportedly been feud sparks on the sets.

The actress, who will be seen playing Momoa's mother in the movie, recently shared that she was excited to take on the role of the female warrior, but it looks like she does not like Heard's presence on the sets.

Also Read: Is something brewing between Aquaman Jason Momoa & Nicole Kidman on sets of DC movie?

According to a report by National Enquirer, it seems like there is an epic clash in making. The report claims that Kidman is not treating Heard like others on the set. The website's source shares that she has been giving Heard a cold treatment since the pre-production stage. But why?

National Enquirer claims that it has to do with Heard's divorce with Kidman's dear friend Johnny Depp. "Nicole didn't like how Amber treated [her friend] Johnny Depp during their divorce," the source told the outlet.

"It doesn't help that [Kidman] has little respect for Amber as an actress," or that her role in the movie is "bigger" than Kidman's. "She thinks Amber's getting by on social climbing and good looks rather than talent," adds the report. The website's source also added that Heard's "forceful personality" will "guaranteed snap" when Kidman arrives on set.

However, Gossip Cop's shares that there is no truth in these claims. Debunking the bogus claim, the website assures that the news is indeed fake.

The gossip website reached out to the Big Little Lies star and her rep guaranteed that there is no truth in the made claims. They also write that another source from the Aquaman movie sets shares with them that there are no issues between the two actresses.

While that has ended the possible speculations, new video shared by Heard show how much she is working out and preparing for her scenes in the movie. In a boomerang video she shared on Instagram, the actress is seen cart-wheeling with her trainer on the sets.

Whereas, Jason Momoa is busy rock climbing as he shares more videos from his training camp.

Aquaman is currently being filmed in Gold Coast in Australia and is slated for release on December 21, 2018.
