Dream Scenario? Khloe Wants To Adopt Rob's Daughter!

Khloe Kardashian has formed such an intense bond with her niece Dream, she has told her brother Rob she wants to adopt her, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.

“Khloe can’t get enough of that little girl,” an insider told Radar. “She’s so protective of her because of all the dramas surrounding her folks.”

Radar readers are well aware of the drama between Rob, 30, and on-again-off-again lover Blac Chyna, 29.

Rob even discussed the status of the relationship on the most recent episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

“I want to see [Dream] grow up,” he confessed. “I want to see her grow up and spend time with her every day…I want to keep my family together. I have been working at it for a very long time, but I’m just not sure anymore.”

Neither apparently are the rest his family, and that’s why Khloe has decided to step in, especially if there is a nasty custody battle brewing.

“She knows Rob getting full custody is unlikely,” the source said. “But regardless of what’s going on between Rob and Blac Chyna, she wants to help him co-parent his daughter – and get formal paperwork drawn up to make it real.”

Khloe seems readier than ever to settle down and start a family. As Radar reported, she’s shelling out big bucks planning a wedding with NBA hoopster Tristan Thompson, even though he hasn’t yet proposed.

“She’s set aside half a million bucks, which she figures will pay for at least half the ceremony as well as dresses, catering, entertainment and a five-star honeymoon,” said a source.

Khloe also been showering Thompson with all kinds of fancy and expensive gifts, including jewelry and luxury trips, to keep him from splitting, said one insider.

At 32, her biological clock is ticking away, making taking care of Dream her backup plan, the insider said.

“Khloe does want babies of her own one day, but she wants to be a significant part of Dream’s life,” the source claimed. “She’s totally in love with that little girl!”

PHOTOS: Khloe Kardashian Bares Her Butt On Steamy Mexico Trip With Tristan Thompson

No word on what Dream’s mom, Blac Chyna, thinks of the whole thing.

Do you think Khloe should adopt Dream? Let us know in the comments!


