Are Kendall, Kylie Jenner and Gigi, Bella Hadid headed for a nasty feud?

It looks like a case of siblings' war. Two of the most popular siblings' duo – Kendall, Kylie and Bella, Gigi – are reported to be on the verge of a nasty feud.

The shocking claim comes days after Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner were spotted attending Cannes and vacationing together. But what went wrong? It appears that the Jenner mother, Kris Jenner, is to be blamed for the spiteful dispute.

According to a report by Star, the Jenner sisters and Hadid sisters are at war and Kris Jenner is fuelling the surprising conflict. Apparently, mom-manager has designed a plan to make her daughters, Kendall and Kylie, the next "it" girls of the fashion industry by replacing the Hadid siblings.

A source told the gossip website that Kris is "setting the stage" for a nasty fight between the young models. The outlet also claims, "[Kris] is hell-bent on getting a contract for either Kendall or Kylie with Tommy [Hilfiger], like Gigi currently has."

Adding to the speculation, the source explained, "The bottom line is the Hadid girls have that 'it' factor, but try telling Kris. She will stop at nothing to make sure her children succeed. She's determined to have her daughters in the top spot."

The claims sound dubious considering the fact that all the four stars are successful in their respective ways and have been closest of friends. This led to Gossip Cop reaching out to their sources to find out if the claims are true. As it turns out, the Star's claims are not true.

Gossip Cop writes, "Kendall and Kylie are not at "war" with Gigi and Bella, nor is the matriarch plotting to have her daughters overtake the Hadids in the fashion world. What's more, the four stars are actually the best of friends, and any claims made otherwise are completely unfounded. They're not in competition with each other, but extremely supportive of one another. There is no feud between the sister pairs, but just the opposite."

It comes as no surprise that this claim was false considering the bond Kendall, Kylie, Bella and Gigi share.

Bella and Kendall, accompanied by Kylie, were recently seen at the New York Fashion Week together where Kendall turned photographer for Bella and took a beautiful picture of the Victoria's Secret model.
