Ellen DeGeneres Dines With Mystery Brunette Amid Divorce Rumors With Portia de Rossi

Ellen DeGeneres stepped out with a mystery brunette recently amid rumors of her impending divorce with wife Portia de Rossi. Photos of the TV host all smiles with the unknown woman only fuelled speculations of their separation.

According to reports, DeGeneres stepped out with the mystery brunette on June 1. She enjoyed a vegan meal with the mystery woman at Crossroads in West Hollywood. The host seemed to be in a jolly mood as she and her date left the restaurant.

Photos emerged of the pair leaving the restaurant and walking the street. DeGeneres did not seem perturbed by the attention and at one point even waved at the camera. She also continued to smile for the paparazzi. Meanwhile, the mystery brunette appeared bothered by all the attention and continued to keep her head down. DeGeneres' wife de Rossi was nowhere to be found.

DeGeneres' date supposedly came after she and de Rossi were spotted bickering at each other at a restaurant. The host's cheerful demeanor with her mystery date supposedly also differs from the previous weeks, when she appeared tense with de Rossi.

Photos of DeGeneres with the mystery brunette only seem to fuel rumors about her divorce with de Rossi. However, the host has since denied these claims. She told People in a previous interview that her marriage with de Rossi remains intact. "I can't imagine not being married. I have my best friend, the person I want to spend time with more than anybody else in the world," DeGeneres said.

Likewise, she shut down rumors about her divorce with de Rossi in an interview with Howard Stern on Sirius XM. "We really don't almost break up, we don't fight, we're madly in love, and I guess it's boring," DeGeneres said as quoted by Entertainment Tonight.

DeGeneres also admitted that she does not read the tabloid. She does not pay attention to the divorce rumors surrounding her marriage to de Rossi. This probably explains why she appears cheerful and at ease during her date with the mystery brunette.
