Caitlyn Jenner's Memoir Reportedly Lands Movie Adaptation, Rob Lowe May Play Her

Report says that the 'How to Be a Latin Lover' actor is currently in talks to play the reality show star in a possible movie based on her new memoir 'The Secrets of My Life'.
Caitlyn Jenner new memoir "The Secrets of My Life" reportedly will be adapted into a movie, with "How to Be a Latin Lover" actor Rob Lowe reportedly in talks to play her. A source told OK! that the actor would be interested to portray the Olympian-turned-transgender reality show star. 

"Rob’s been hunting for an awards-caliber movie part. This would be a game-changer for him," a source told the magazine. The insider went on saying that Caitlyn had sent Rob a copy of her book and that "they've met up a few times to discuss it." The source added, "She thinks he's got what it takes to play both her and her former self, Bruce, and now Rob's throwing his weight behind the project as well." 

However, Gossip Cop has learned that the report is simply "not true." A rep for Rob tells the site that "he hasn't met with the reality star to discuss a potential biopic." Caitlyn simply said in an interview that Rob indeed would be a good choice to portray her in a potential film, but the idea hasn't been brought into real life yet. As for the memoir itself, there hasn't been any official announcement whether or not it will be adapted into a movie. 

Caitlyn's 320-page memoir "The Secret of My Life" was published last April and chronicled her life as well as revealed some intriguing truths about her past. One of them was the claim that her ex-wife Kris Jenner actually knew about her gender issue during their then-marriage. 

"I tell Kris about my gender issues before I make love to her," wrote Caitlyn. "This will always be a subject of dispute between Kris and me as to how much she could intuit about my gender issues. She insists that she was taken by surprise by my ultimate transition to Caitlyn...I told her I dressed as a woman, and she knew I did, because I did it several times in front of her after we were married," she claimed. 
