Is Ryan Seacrest Quitting 'Live'?

Ryan Seacrest is reportedly having a hard time adjusting to life in New York City. The talk show and radio host is renting a place in Manhattan so that he can be in the Big Apple during the week in order to host Live! with Kelly Ripa each morning. However, a new report from Radar Online claims that Seacrest — who had previously been living in Los Angeles — is “miserable” on the East Coast.

“Ryan is miserable. [Moving was] the biggest mistake of his life. He hasn’t embraced the city and hasn’t been going out to the restaurants or parties. He’s invited to almost every event every night and doesn’t go! He’s such an LA guy and is finding NYC tough. The weather and the hustle of the city is too much. He can’t wait until the weekends to fly back to his beloved LA,” a source told the popular gossip site.

Although Radar Online doesn’t name a source and has been known to fabricate stories from time to time, this one has some people convinced. It seems more than obvious that Seacrest loved living in Los Angeles and he travels to the West Coast so frequently that one could assume he’s unhappy in New York. He has been rooted in California for years and is used to a different way of life. Moving across the country would be a huge change for anyone, let alone someone famous who has loved that LA lifestyle for so long.

This new report coincides with constant rumors that Seacrest and his Live! co-host, Kelly Ripa, aren’t getting along. Although the two have been pals for many years, sources have said that they are at each other’s throats and that their on-air chemistry (which some fans wouldn’t argue doesn’t even exist) ends the moment the cameras stop rolling.

As previously reported by the Inquisitr, ratings on Live! have dipped since the announcement that Seacrest was the new co-host. However, that dip was almost to be expected, given the hype built up around the announcement, which had been building for a whole year. However, sources have said that Seacrest wasn’t Ripa’s first choice — and maybe not even her second choice. For fans of Live!, Seacrest wasn’t even in their top five (favorite contenders included Andy Cohen, Anderson Cooper, Fred Savage, Jerry O’Connell, and even Kelly’s husband, Mark Consuelos).

So, if any of these rumors are true, will Seacrest end up leaving Live!? It is definitely a possibility. However, the gig hasn’t seemed right for Seacrest since his name was announced on Monday, May 1. Some fans feel that he wasn’t the best choice to be Ripa’s co-host — and maybe that’s going to turn out to be true.

There are plenty of rumors out there suggesting that Seacrest is going to leave Live! in 2018. It is entirely possible that he will want to move back to Los Angeles — and that he may ink a deal to host the new American Idol. That gig has been a part of him for so many years that it almost seems impossible for the show to be successful without him.

Details of Seacrest’s contract with Live! are unknown. He may have signed a one-year deal or he may have signed a multi-year deal. However, there are always ways for someone to get around something if they aren’t happy or it’s not working.

Do you think Seacrest and Ripa are good together? Do you think Seacrest would prefer to move back to Los Angeles and leave morning talk in the past? Share your thoughts in the comments section below.
