Chris Christie: “Women’s Viagra Pill Will Only Increase Lesbianism”

“The New York Times relates that “Representative Cathy McMorris Rogers of Washington State, the top-ranking Republican woman in the House, was quoted by The Daily Beast last week as saying that Democrats were fabricating the “war on women” to distract from real issues. Joan Walsh wrote on AlterNet: “Read and decide for yourself if this war on women is imaginary:”

““Democrats didn’t make the GOP presidential field back “personhood” laws that would criminalize some forms of birth control. They didn’t force the newly elected house GOP to make defunding Planned Parenthood their first legislative goal. And they didn’t propose the Blunt Amendment that would have allowed employers to withhold health insurance coverage not only for contraception, but for any treatment they disapproved of.”

Furthermore, it would seem that Cathy McMorris Rogers isn’t the only Republican waging a crusade against her own sex. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, famous for his sharp tongue and conservative political views, seems to have sjoined McMorris Rogers in their party’s obvious war on women in America.

Christie recently addressed the rumors that pharmaceutical companies are extensively researching a Viagra pill for women. The New Jersey governor allegedly denied that such a pill would have numerous benefits for women in a televised interview and verbally attacked the host for asking him such “offensive and idiotic questions.” When asked to comment on the incident by Newslo, Christie said: “Oh no, I really feel like women could use a Viagra pill. Like we don’t have enough dykes already.”

Asked to elaborate on his offensive language, the anything-but-subtle Republican stated that “the only thing such a pill would do for the women of the world is get them to change their sexual orientation.”

“The men of today already have enough trouble satisfying women as it is. Why do you think Viagra was invented in the first place? But no, let’s amplify women’s sex drive even further, that’ll definitely help them feel more satisfied and relaxed. And who are they going to turn to quench that thirst? Other women. Men aren’t machines, but neither are they. They just haven’t realized it yet,” Christie concluded.