Trump Sends Feds In To Raid NY’s Islamberg After 2 DECADES – Uncover America’s WORST Nightmare
http://www.redrocktribune.com/feds-raid-nys-islamberg/
NEW YORK’S ISLAMBERG HAS BEEN ON THE RADAR FOR TERRORISTIC ACTIVITY FOR DECADES BUT LAW OFFICIALS NEVER HAD A REASON FOR A SEARCH WARRANT.
FINALLY, law enforcement was able to obtain a search warrant for the Islamberg compound. Though the Muslim compound has been suspected for terrorism because of their guarded entrance and the sound of explosions and gunfire for the last couple of decades law enforcement never found a reason to obtain a search warrant until now.
From Freedom Daily:
But with a recent arrest of Islamberg resident Ramadan Abdullah who was recently caught trying to steal several cases of ammunition from a local mountain store in the area, authorities finally had their chance to obtain a search warrant for the compound, and what they discovered was nothing short of chilling.
Shortly after arresting Ramadan Abdullah for theft, the Muslim’s answers about why he was stealing ammunition raised suspicion among police, who then decided to obtain a search warrant to investigate their suspicions further. During their raid they discovered a massive stockpile of illegal weapons throughout the Islamberg location, including 8 assault weapons, 4 loaded handguns, 1 loaded shotgun, 2 rifles, 64 high-capacity ammunition feeding devices, and body armor, including thousands of rounds of .50 caliber ammunition capable of piercing body armor. But illegal cache of weapons seized at the compound was unfortunately just the beginning.
After Abdullah’s arrest, authorities began looking closer into his background, discovering that the Muslim is a long-time associate of the U.S.-based Islamist terrorist organization, Muslims of America (MOA), and was the very same Muslim who was arrested back in 1977 after police discovered enough material at his home to build 50 bombs.
here are ISIS training camps across the United States that were protected by the Clintons, Obama, and the Democratic Party. Every compound needs to be raided with every person living at these camps investigated and charged with terrorism. It’s not hard to do just activate the national guard so they can get some of the training they need.
Muslims have training camps that we won’t raid, but the Feds had no problem raiding the compound in Waco, Texas years ago that wound up killing everyone inside including a lot of children under then attorney general Janet Reno now didn’t they? But it’s xenophobic to raid a Muslim compound, right?