Minnesota Just Handed Full Control To Muslims To Take Down ‘Infidels’
MINNESOTA JUST MADE A HUGE DECISION THAT AIDS IN THE PLANS OF RADICAL MUSLIMS TO OVERRUN AMERICA.
You’d think that America would learn to go against the lane that Europe is in to avoid being overrun by terrorists. But denial is a crazy thing… We’ve got high up government officials who are on board with bringing Sharia law and destroying America and we have dim witted citizens who believe everything the mainstream media has to say.
Minnesota just made a move that will help the agenda of radical Muslims everywhere…
From Freedom daily:
Anti-blasphemy laws have been a massive victory for Muslims across the world, as now followers of Islam can have people who speak out or criticize their religion thrown into prison. In an unprecedented and unconstitutional move, liberal politicians Minneapolis, Minnesota, have just set up a hotline where Muslims can call in and report any American who “harasses” or speaks out against their religion.
While this sounds like something you’d read off of a conspiracy website, it’s really happening. According to Minneapolis’ local newspaper, the Star-Tribune, the hotline was set up as a way to target Trump supporters, who Muslims believe are the group of people most likely to “harass them.” The Star Tribune reported:
The city of Minneapolis has set up a hot line for residents to report hate-crime incidents and other acts of intolerance.
The service, operated through the city’s 311 help line, is aimed to aid targets of any “harassing behaviors motivated by prejudice,” according to a city news release issued on Monday.
These lawmakers and judges need to be jailed for treason and that won’t happen until true Americans rise up and put them in there place! The fight is coming and soon. Whether we stand up as a country, supporting the Constitution and our way of life or not, is to be decided. Make no mistake, it is Islam’s goal to control this great land.
When are they going to start arresting people who speak against christians and curse God and Jesus? Allow Islam in our schools but not Jesus? This is why America isn’t the great land that it once was, this country was founded on christian faith and beliefs.