THE UNANSWERED MYSTERY OF THE CENTURY!!! A GREAT SIGNIFICANT SERIOUS MYSTERY ~    A MUST READ !!!
http://www.ini-world-report.org/2016/12/21/the-unanswered-mystery-of-the-century/
(and the answer to the final question below is: “No! just dumbed-down!!!”)
When Obama is out of office it will be interesting to see what they put in his “Library” regarding his early years.   In a country where we take notice of many facets of our public figures’ lives, doesn’t it seem odd that there’s so little we know about our current man in the White House, Barack Obama?
For example, we know that Andrew Jackson’s wife smoked a corn cob pipe and was accused of adultery.  Abe Lincoln never went to school.  Jack Kennedy wore a back brace.  Harry Truman played the piano.
As Americans, we enjoy knowing details about our newsmakers, but none of us know one single amazing fact about the history of our two term president — Barack Hussein Obama.
We are all aware of the lack of uncontestable birth records for Obama, because the management of that document has been spectacularly successful.
There are however, several additional oddities in Obama’s history that appear to be as well managed as the birthing issue.
Another interesting thing:  There are no birth certificates of his daughters that can be found?
It’s interesting that no one who ever dated him has shown up.  The charisma that caused women to be drawn to him so strongly during his campaign would, in the normal course of events, lead some lady to come forward, if only to garner some attention for herself.  We all know about JFK’s magnetism; that McCain was no monk; quite a few details about Palin’s courtship and even her athletic prowess; Joe Biden’s aneurisms are no secret;  look at Cheney and Clinton — we all  know about their heart  problems. Certainly Wild Bill Clinton’s exploits before and during his White House years, were well known.  That’s why it’s so odd that not one lady has stepped up and said, “He was soooo shy…” or “What a great dancer…”
It’s virtually impossible to know anything about this fellow.   Who was the best man at his wedding?   Start there. Then check groomsmen.
Then get the footage of his graduation ceremony.   Has anyone talked to the professors?  It is odd that no one is bragging that they knew him or taught him or lived with him.
When did he meet Michele, and how?   Are there photos there?  Every president gives to the public all their photos, etc. for their library, etc.    What has he released?    And who voted for him to be the most popular man in 2010?    Doesn’t this make you wonder?
Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obama’s past saying they knew him, attended school with him, or was his friend ?   Not one person has ever come forward from his past, and that certainly is very, very strange.
This should be a cause for great concern.   To those who voted for him, you may have elected an unqualified, inexperienced shadow man.   Have you seen a movie named “The Manchurian Candidate” ?   It is a classic, and it is pertinent.
As insignificant as each of us might be, someone with whom we went to school will remember our name or face.  Someone will remember we were the clown or the dork or the brain or the quiet one or the bully or something about  us.
George Stephanopoulos of ABC News said the same thing during the 2008 campaign.    He questions why no one has acknowledged the president was in their classroom or ate in the same cafeteria or made impromptu speeches on campus.  Stephanopoulos also was a classmate of Obama at Columbia — the class of 1984.  He says he never had a single class with  him.
If he is such a great orator; why doesn’t anyone in Obama’s college class remember him?  Why won’t he allow Columbia to release his records?  The fact is that  Nobody remembers Obama at Columbia University.
Looking for evidence of Obama’s past,    Fox News contacted 400 Columbia University students from the period when Obama claims to have been there… but none remembered him.
Wayne Allyn Root was, like Obama, a political science major at Columbia who also graduated in 1983.    In 2008, Root says of Obama, “I don’t know a single person at Columbia that knew him, and they all know me. I don’t have a classmate who ever knew Barack Obama at Columbia, ever.”
Nobody recalls him. Root adds that he was also, like Obama, Class of ’83 Political Science, and says, “You don’t get more exact or closer than that. Never met him in my life, don’t know anyone who ever met him.    At class reunion, our 20th reunion five years ago, who was asked to be the speaker of the class?   Me.  No one ever heard of Barack!   And five years ago, nobody even knew who he was. The guy who writes the class notes, who’s kind of the, as we say in New York, ‘the macha’ who knows everybody, has yet  to find a person, a human who ever met  him.”
And Obama consistently declines requests to talk about his years at Columbia, or to provide school records, or provide the name of any former classmates or friends while at Columbia.
Some other interesting questions:   Why was Obama’s law license inactivated in 2002?   It is said there is no record of him ever taking the Bar exam.  and  Why was Michelle’s law license inactivated by court order?   We understand that was forced or required to avoid fraud charges.
It is circulating that according to the U.S. Census, there is only one Barack Obama, but there are
27 Social Security numbers and over 80 alias connected to him.
The Social Security number Obama now uses originated in Connecticut, where Obama is reported to have never lived.   The number was originally registered to another man (Thomas Louis Wood) from Connecticut, who died in Hawaii while on vacation there.   As we all know, Social Security Numbers are only issued once, and they are not reused.   No wonder all his records are sealed !!!
Please continue sending this out.  Somewhere, Someone has to know SOMETHING!?!    School? Before he became an “organizer” in Chicago?  SOMETHING!!!   He just seemed to burst upon the Scene at the 2004 Democratic Convention.  ANYONE??? ANYWHERE??? ANYTHING???
Surely in the near future, when he no longer has the power of the presidency, much will come to light about this highly unqualified person who has been president of the United States for 8 years.  Soon, we will know how badly we were all doped and duped by this imposter who has, with much help from “those who created him,” nearly brought the greatest nation in history to its knees in ruins.  And that will be his legacy — the man who destroyed the Integrity, Morals and Christian Heritage of our once great country.
Who in the hell is this man?  Is America stupid or what?
You must forward this email to all of your contacts.  It is vital to the integrity of the United States of America to really know who has been in the White House the past eight years, understand how he was manufactured, and know the details of this essentially successful anti-American, anti-culture, anti-Christian conspiracy.
