Donald Trump Introduces New Muslim/Refugee Badges; ‘Nazi-Like’ Plan Requires All Muslims & Refugees To Wear Badges Like The Jews Did During The Holocaust
http://newsexaminer.net/politics/donald-trump-introduces-refugee-muslim-badges/
Washington, DC — During an interview today with Fox News, Donald Trump unveiled plans making it mandatory for all Muslim people and refugees entering this country, along with those currently residing in the U.S., to wear badges on their outer garments at all times. The 2016 presidential candidate says these badges are necessary so refugees and Muslims can easily be identified and monitored.
“They are a danger to our Christian way of life in America, it’s that simple,” Trump said. ‘The Muslims, they want us dead, we know that for a fact. The refugees are joining ISIS and are pouring into our country like that. They both hate our freedom and way of life, you can’t argue that. By enforcing and requiring these possible terrorists to wear badges at all time they can be easily identified and tracked if necessary. This is nothing like the badges the Jews had to wear during the Holocaust, that was different, but you know, it’s the same thing. These are tough times right now and I’m just saying what everyone else is too afraid to say. We can take back America, we just need to work together, it’s never too late.”
Trump went further by saying he would put all the Muslims and refugees entering this country on their own land, with critics comparing that to Hitler’s concentration camps during World War II.
“There is no reason we shouldn’t put them all on their own land like how we did with the Indians. We know what these people are capable of and I know I’m scared, and I know most Americans are too. We need to act now before more innocent lives are lost.”
Last week Trump told various news sources he would implement databases to track every Syrian refugee, Muslim and mosque in this country.
“We’re going to have to do things that we never did before,” Trump said in an interview with Yahoo News. “Some people are going to be upset about it, but I think that now everybody is feeling that security is going to rule.”
Appearing Sunday on ABC’s “This Week”, Trump was asked about the databases.
“I want a database for the refugees,” Trump said. “We have no idea who these people are. When the Syrian refugees are going to start pouring into this country, we don’t know if they’re ISIS, we don’t know if it’s a Trojan horse. And I definitely want a database and other checks and balances.”
President Obama has expanded the usual annual ceiling for refugees of 70,000 by an additional 15,000, with 10,000 of those new slots for Syrians. At the outset, officials said this program for Syrian refugees probably would continue beyond one year. But nothing approaching 250,000, which Trump routinely says, is in the works.
Historians of the Third Reich and Nazi Holocaust say that these methods of government control paved the way for the acceptance of the Holocaust by German citizens.
“The German government’s policy of forcing Jews to wear identifying badges was but one of many psychological tactics aimed at isolating and dehumanizing the Jews of Europe, directly marking them as being different and inferior to everyone else,” Paul Horner of the Holocaust Center said. “It allowed for the easier facilitation of their separation from society and subsequent ghettoization, which ultimately led to the deportation and murder of 6 million Jews. What Donald Trump is doing is just the beginning, exactly how Hitler started out. More hate and ignorance is definitely what we don’t need in this country right now.” Horner continued, “The only thing good coming from all of this, is that Trump is keeping comedy writers employed and making cash. This stupid moron is a wet dream for writers of comedy all around the world; it’s not even fair. He writes the story himself, you just have to report what he did and said and your job is done. I truly hope he gets the Republican nomination, we need to keep this cash cow alive. He’ll lose to ANYONE that gets elected on the Democratic side, but until then, we must remember these good times and how backwards him and all of his followers are.”
The yellow badges that were given to the Jews by the Nazis, was a cloth patch sewn on their outer garments that marked them as Jews in public. Intended or not, it served as a badge of shame, making them easily identifiable.
