Breaking: Wasserman Schultz Aide Imran Awan Under Investigation for Allegedly Selling Secrets to Russians
http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/08/21/breaking-wasserman-schultz-aide-imran-awan-under-investigation-for-allegedly-selling-secrets-to-russians/
Is the largest scandal in US history likely to happen with Democrats being involved? The more information you find out about Democratic IT scammer Imran Awan-the more you find out about the profile of a bold and careless criminal mind.Imran Awan was Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s aide for thirteen years since she started working as a Florida representative in 2004. He was fired last week and continued to play her “IT expert” even when he was living in Pakistan.Accessing specific computer network without permission, also known as hacking, was the crime act that the three Pakistani brothers, who managed the IT affairs for several Democratic government officials, have committed.Imran Awan, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz. His brother Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016. Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016. Imran’s wife, Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer since February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016. Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016. Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives in February. Most of the House Members fired the Awans afterwards, while Imran Awan was still receiving payments from Debbie Wasserman Shultz until he was arrested for Bank Fraud after attempting to flee the country. The other members of the family left the country and moved to Pakistan together with hundreds of thousands of tax-payer money they mysteriously were able to wire. Democrats could be compromised by the Awans and Sensitive information revealed to foreign Enemies! (Muslim Brotherhood – Yemen Raid with dead soldier for example? Most of them have Seats on Committees that deal with highly sensitive information. According to Redditt — Imran Awan is now released with an GPS ankle monitor until his preliminary hearing on Aug. 21. Awan pretended to be his wife when issued a request for a loan from the Congressional Federal Credit Union and got it! He had the credit union wire $165,000 to PAKISTAN – no questions asked. Andrew McCarthy at National Review reported: Bank fraud was the stated charge on which Awan was arrested at Dulles Airport this week, just as he was trying to flee the United States for Pakistan, via Qatar. That is the same route taken by Awan’s wife, Hina Alvi, in March, when she suddenly fled the country, with three young daughters she yanked out of school, mega-luggage, and $12,400 in cash. By then, the proceeds of the fraudulent $165,000 loan they’d gotten from the Congressional Federal Credit Union had been sent ahead. It was part of a $283,000 transfer that Awan managed to wire from Capitol Hill. He pulled it off — hilariously, if infuriatingly — by pretending to be his wife in a phone call with the credit union. Told that his proffered reason for the transfer (“funeral arrangements”) wouldn’t fly, “Mrs.” Awan promptly repurposed: Now “she” was “buying property.” Asking no more questions, the credit union wired the money . . . to Pakistan.……Congressional-staff salaries are modest, in the $40,000 range. For some reason, Awan was paid about four times as much. He also managed to get his wife, Alvi, on the House payroll . . . then his brother, Abid Awan . . . then Abid’s wife, Natalia Sova. The youngest of the clan, Awan’s brother Jamal, came on board in 2014 — the then-20-year-old commanding an annual salary of $160,000. A few of these arrangements appear to have been sinecures: While some Awans were rarely seen around the office, we now know they were engaged in extensive financial shenanigans away from the Capitol. Awan also threatened and tried to extort cash from his stepmother after his father’s death. The Daily Caller reported: Their own stepmother, a devout Muslim, called police in Virginia and said they used high-tech devices to wiretap her home and tried to extort her into signing papers that would give them access to cash stored in Pakistan in their deceased father’s name. The stepmother, Samina Gilani, said in court documents that Imran said he was “very powerful” and would have her loved ones kidnapped in Pakistan. Court records show that their father changed his last name, and two relatives said that was because he detested illegal behavior by his sons. In public lawsuits in Fairfax County, Va., the brothers have been accused of life insurance fraud as well as fraud involving a car dealership. This is a description of a complete slimeball. Who kicks his stepmother out of her home when she has just lost her husband? The more you read about Imran Awan the more you see the picture of a complete soulless criminal. So why was he hanging around Wasserman Schultz for 13 years? Now this…Federal officials are investigating whether sensitive information was passed from Imran Awan to the Russian or Pakistani governments.The New York Post reported: Federal authorities are investigating whether sensitive data was stolen from congressional offices by several Pakistani-American tech staffers and sold to Pakistani or Russian intelligence, knowledgeable sources say. What started out 16 months ago as a scandal involving the alleged theft of computer equipment from Congress has turned into a national-security investigation involving FBI surveillance of the suspects. Investigators now suspect that sensitive US government data — possibly including classified information — could have been compromised and may have been sold to hostile foreign governments that could use it to blackmail members of Congress or even put their lives at risk. “This is a massive, massive scandal,” a senior US official familiar with the widening probe told The Post.