Bombshell: New Evidence Suggest We Are Not Being Told Everything About Charlottesville
http://24wpn.com/index.php/2017/08/19/bombshell-new-evidence-suggests-we-are-not-being-told-everything-about-charlottesville/
One unidentified officer in Charlottesville, VA has come forward and break his silence on the truth behind the events at Charlottesville, according to video via Headlines in Voice. He is suggesting that what took place in Charlottesville was not only allowed to happened, but was intentional and had been planned to happen since May. The officer said that the Charlottesville P.D were instructed to bring radical left and right groups together in one area before being told to “stand down.” Which suggests that it was someone’s intentions to start a violent race-based war at the protest. These are his words:The above video states the following, “We [Charlotesville police] were ordered to bring the rival groups together. As soon as they were in contact with each other, we were told to stand down. It was outrageous. We weren’t allowed to arrest anyone without asking the mayor first. We weren’t even allowed to stop the driver as he sped away.“ “The event was being set up as far back as at least May and it went like clockwork.”
Michael Signer, the mayor of Charlottesville, ordered police to stand down during the most chaotic and destructive period of the protests – despite police protests against the orders. “We wanted to do our job and keep the peace. But these mother******s in charge really want to destroy America.” Mayor Signer and other city officials appeared to have let this happen. Fox News’ reporter Doug McKelway was on the scene and had a similar account of the scene. “I can say, having been in Emancipation Park from early on that morning, that what I saw with my own two eyes confirms what this law enforcement source told us. At least from all visible appearances. We saw people coming out of that park who had head wounds, who were bleeding from the head, people walking into that park with bats, with sticks — you saw what they were wearing — helmets, body armor, they had come — and this pertains to both sides — they had come to do damage.. you cannot help but notice from that video that police had been more pro-active, they could have potentially calmed this thing down to some degree.” In This 38 second video, officers are seen simply observing Fields drive his battered car away from the destruction he caused. They make absolutely NO effort to stop the car that is maybe 2 yards away from them. As you can see, not a single bit of effort to stop the car. Very fishy…Lastly, [Mayor] Michael Signer is a Virginia Democratic activist who has close ties with Barrack Obama and John Podesta. We won’t say what things look like, but we will let you develop an opinion for yourself…