Perjury! 100% Proof Comey Lied to Congress
https://conservativepost.com/perjury-100-proof-comey-lied-to-congress/
18 U.S. Code § 1621 – Perjury generally
Whoever—
1. having taken an oath before a competent tribunal, officer, or person, in any case in which a law of the United States authorizes an oath to be administered, that he will testify, declare, depose, or certify truly, or that any written testimony, declaration, deposition, or certificate by him subscribed, is true, willfully and contrary to such oath states or subscribes any material matter which he does not believe to be true; or
2. in any declaration, certificate, verification, or statement under penalty of perjury as permitted under section 1746 of title 28, United States Code, willfully subscribes as true any material matter which he does not believe to be true;
is guilty of perjury and shall, except as otherwise expressly provided by law, be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. This section is applicable whether the statement or subscription is made within or without the United States.
Elder Patriot – CNN’s admission today that President-elect Donald Trump had indeed been wiretapped raises a serious question as to just who is in the business of spreading conspiracy theories.
It also suggests that Former F.B.I. Director James Comey deliberately perjured himself when he appeared before a House subcommittee and denied any knowledge that Donald Trump – first as a candidate and then as the president – had been wiretapped.
When President Trump tweeted that he had been wiretapped while in Trump Tower the media tried painting him as a conspiracy nut.
CNN pounced on Trump for starting a conspiracy theory and that the wiretapping claim was an “incendiary idea.”  CNN was only the tip of the spear.  MSNBC, NBC, ABC, CBS, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The L.A. Times, the entirety of the Deep State controlled mainstream media all joined in discrediting the newly elected president.
A full 42 days before Trump’s tweet, the NY Times was the first to report that he had been wiretapped.  That was before it was decided that it would be best to deny it ever happened because they found nothing incriminating.
That may not be illegal for a newspaper, especially a rag like the Times, but it is for any member of our intelligence community.
The fact that the wiretaps turned up nada meant that Obama had convinced the FISA court to give the NSA and the FBI a fishing license for political purposes.  That is the way the Soviet Union operated against their political enemies.
In the United States our government is prevented from opening investigations without just cause.  At least we thought so.  Foolish us.  After the IRS scandal why would we trust the Obama administration to play it straight on anything else?  Shame on us.
Essentially the mainstream media chose to twist the emerging facts into knots once it became obvious that James Comey was lying to protect his illegal use of FISA court warrants under orders from President Obama.
From March 5th through March 21st we laid out the case in thirteen columns that Trump had been wiretapped for political reasons, Obama knew about it, and that Trump had trapped Comey into perjuring himself.
For our efforts we were castigated and the social media giants crushed the reach of our articles.  We’ve come to recognize that we’re on to something big whenever the social media platforms begin limiting the number of people who get to view our work.
Today our investigative work was vindicated.  The mainstream media, led by CNN, was forced to admit that the U.S. government, under President Barack Obama, had wiretapped Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, including his conversations with President Trump — both during after the 2016 presidential campaign.
That leaves Comey facing a perjury charge for lying, under oath, that Trump had never been wiretapped.
There is simply no possibility that Comey, as director of the F.B.I. wasn’t aware that Trump Tower had been wiretapped.  If that had happened without Comey’s knowledge it was his job to bring the violators to justice.
Not so shockingly, Comey’s obfuscation wasn’t isolated.  Another Deep State operative standing in direct opposition to Trump, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper also denied any knowledge of the wiretapping.
If that is the case then who in the hell went before the FISA court, got the authorization from another of Obama’s crooked judges, and then executed the taps? 
Question: Why isn’t anyone in any of the 17 intelligence agencies asking this question?
Answer: Because the government long ago stopped answering to We the People.