ALL FOUND MURDERED! DOCTORS WHO DISCOVERED CANCER ENZYMES IN VACCINES
http://www.disclose.tv/news/all_found_murdered_doctors_who_discovered_cancer_enzymes_in_vaccines/139084
A number of holistic doctors in Florida, over 60 of them within one year, who have been found, killed or dead all have one common denominator. 
They had all found out that an enzyme protein was cancer causing and the protein with the name of Nagalese had been added to vaccines that had been given to humans and this is something that has been happening on a global scale.
DOCTORS WERE SAID TO BE GETTING READY TO REVEAL FINDINGS
Nagalese is said to be an enzyme that stops vitamin D from being produced in the body and so stops the natural ability of the body to kill off any cancer cells. 
It is also a protein that is created by cancer cells and can be found in high concentrations in children with autism. 
It was revealed that it has been put into vaccines. 
Nagalese affects the immune system as it disables it and it has also been known to be the cause behind Type 2 diabetes. 
It was said that the doctors who discovered this were not being killed because they had found a cancer cure or were treating autism successfully, but they were killed because they had researched and found evidence that vaccines that had been injected into children had been causing cancer and autism crisis. 
The doctors who had researched and who had been collaborating in Florida were said to have been getting ready to reveal their findings to the public. 
VIDEO CLIP EMERGED FOLLOWING SHOW BEING TAKEN DOWN 
A 19-minute video clip has been put online with a lot of important information being said during the first 10 minutes of the video. 
The speaker in the video is Dr Ted Broer and he breaks the information about Nagalese in the video and he goes on to explain the findings of the doctors. 
Broer had broken into The Hagmann & Hagmann Report and it took an hour to get him on air as the show, which typically lasts three hours, had been taken down and all the lines they had tried to use kept on being disconnected, then servers were brought down. 
An hour later they connected with Dr. Broer and one of the first things he was heard saying was that he was not suicidal. 
It was said that he had been frightened that he would be taken out Hastings style before getting the opportunity to say what he had to say publicly. 
The short clip is him telling the story. It was alleged that on three different dates in one month two doctors died on the very same day, which means six doctors in total who died in pairs over three different days. 
Many skeptics rolled their eyes at the first few deaths believing it to be no more than coincidence that they had all been doctors. 
There were many deaths that were unsolved murders, more were alleged to be suicides and many of the deaths are under investigation. 
The majority of the doctors had been holistic and all them were said to have cared very passionately and deeply about health. 