Married Christians Divorcing In Protest Of Gay Marriage
http://civictribune.com/married-christians-divorcing-protest-gay-marriage/
Christian couples, some who have been married for over 20 years, are getting divorced in droves after the Supreme Court’s decision to all gays to be married. This is said to be in protest to a government that does not respect their religious rights, and a minority that has encroached on one of their time honored traditions.
Since the historic day in which gay couples could wed nation wide, thousands of Christian couples are filing for divorce.

Mary Lambert and her husband Jay were among the first to arrive at the courthouse in Topeka Kansas to file for divorce. Despite having been married for over 14 years, they chose to call it quits to avoid affiliation with a government that no longer respects their values. “I love my husband very much, but above all, I love my god, Jesus Christ. This is why we are moving forward in defiance of the Supreme Court ruling. If our government chooses to celebrate sin and spit on one of the most righteous ceremonies within our faith, then they are on their own. Marriage is about so much more than love. A family cannot grow together if they have no relationship with Christ. Anything else is just a sad parody. It’s unfortunate that even our president has made the choice to stoop so low and pander to Satan’s agenda

Adam Cyrus is the founder of Christ in Family Services which provides bible-based counseling to married Christian couples throughout Topeka Kansas. Cyrus says he supports the wave of high-principled duos seeking divorce as an act of protest. “We are symbolically divorcing a government which no longer honors our culture and values. We have no desire to benefit from a system which characterizes us as the enemy and enables and rewards sin under the guise of holy matrimony. If they wish to reward and empower those who desire to make a mockery of our faith, and misrepresent our religion, then we intend to remove ourselves altogether from this bureaucracy so that we may practice our faith in accordance to our beliefs.”