The Clinton Body Count Continues...New Evidences Revealed
http://americannews.com/24759-2/
Most Conservatives know that the Clintons pose a real threat to America and their body count continues to rise. They have killed more people than the Swine Flu and Ebola combined. Of course everybody wants to ask the obvious question about Hillary Clinton’s IT guy, “Why would a server guy plead the 5th?!” One answer, he did it to save his life. This man is a liability because he may know more than anyone about the killings.Sorcha Faal believes that it’s best to err on the side of caution, but not doing so will put you in the dog pound with the Mafia, otherwise known as the Clinton Foundation:In what a new Foreign Intelligence Service(SVR) report circulating in the Kremlin today calls a "master incestuous maneuver", the Bush Crime Family has rushed to the side of Hillary Clinton afrter a top United Nations official set to testify her in a US District Court yesterday was found dead by FBI agents who were set to deliver him before a Grand Jury. (Note: some words and phrases appearing in this report are English language approximations of Russian words and phrases having no exact counterpart.) According to this report, former UN Presiden John Ashe was scheduled to terstify against Hillary Clinton yesterday in a New York City US District Court, but when FBI agents arrived at his Dobbs Ferry, New York, mansion he was found dead of what current UN President Mogens Lykketoft said was a heart attack-but that SVR intelligence analysts say in this report is impossible to determine prior to an autopsy being performed and medical tests conducted. This is reminiscent of the time that Ron Brown went on an assignment for the Clintons and his plane just so happened to crash into a mountain.CNN reported at the time that Brown’s hand was forced:A former business partner of the late Commerce Secretary Ron Brown testified in U.S. District Court Monday that Brown had told her President and Mrs. Clinton supported at White House plan to sell seats on international trade missions to raise campaign contributions. Nolanda Hill, who is under federal indictment for fraudulent business practices, claimed Brown was angered when White House political operatives forced him to provide seats on trade missions as a fund-raising device.The Clintons will do anything for money. Don’t forget they sold secrets to the Chinese for campaign contributions. This Chinese billionaire has avoided the Clintons death wish so far. Faal continues:Along with UN President Ashe and Chinese billionaire Seng being indicted for being a part of this massive bribery scheme to enrich the Clinton's and fuel Hillary's presidential run, this report notes, Francis Lorenzo, the ambassador to the UN for the Dominican Republic, and the top two executives for the Global Sustainability Foundation(GSF), Sheri Yan and Heidi Hon Piao, were, also, changed, all of whom had reached plea deals in exchange for their testimony against the Clinton's and Seng-has had, likewise, UN President Ashe done just prior to his death. Grimly to note too, this report continues, is that a "powerful indicator" that UN President Ashe was being targeted for death revealed itself this past January(2016) when Chinese billionare Seng (currently under house arrest in his New York City penthouse) suddenly dropped his bid for a speedy trial-and which SVR analysts in this reoprt attribute to his being given "assurances/guarantees" by the Clinton's that once Hillary gained the US presidency he would pardoned. Make no mistake, Hillary enjoys the “killings.” The Clintons are dangerous and they will sell America down the river with no remorse.