Bill Clinton Health Crisis-Family Gathering in Little Rock
http://thenewyorkevening.com/2017/07/17/bill-clinton-health-crisis-family-gathering-little-rock/
Sources close to the Clinton family say that Slick Willy, 40th President of the United States and perpetual cheater, 
will be lucky to stay alive. The Clinton family, including extended relatives and members of the Rodham clan, have been filing 
into Little Rock all week where Bill is reportedly bedridden at the residence attached to his presidential library.
From an article in The Political Insider, authors Darwin Porter and Danforth Prince share the big reveal:
In their new book, Bill & Hillary: So This is That Thing Called Love, the authors interview Clinton insiders who claim that 
Bill slept with so many women that Hillary Clinton has repeatedly forced him to get an HIV test from the doctor. This is because
the former President “favored unprotected sex.”
And while the first tests came back negative, HIV and AIDS might explain an ongoing mystery. Over the years, both Clintons have
kept their medical records a secret. Clinton has explained his rapidly changing appearance to his heart surgery and “new diet” 
but he has looked increasingly thin and weak at Hillary campaign rallies.
Being someone who has had first hand experience watching a family member die from AIDS, this writer can testify that Bill Clinton 
looks like he is very close to entering the final stages and is holding on for dear life! Hillary appears to be keeping the 
family physician close at hand even if for no other reason than the old grim reaper may be stalking her too!
The fact that they’re booking rooms and sticking around most likely means they’re expecting to have to stay for a funeral. The 
Clintons have said that they would refuse any state burial or national ceremony if anything were to happen to them during the 
Trump administration as they are afraid of what he may say during the service. According to a Clinton spokesman:
“Donald Trump is mean and vindictive. If something were to happen to one of the Clintons, he could demand to speak at a national 
service and who knows what kind of disrespect would come out of his childish mouth.”
If the rumors are true, a service would be held at the Arkansas State House after Clinton spends two days lying in state in the
arboretum at his library. The Trump family would not be invited.

This is a developing story that will be updated.
