Donald Trump Signs Executive Order Allowing The Hunting Of Bald Eagles
https://archive.is/2yRCq#selection-3293.0-3293.70
WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — Today President Donald Trump made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency by signing Executive Order 14841, which allows the hunting of bald eagles.
Speaking at a White House Press Conference today, Trump explained his decision for making the hunting of the bald eagle legal.
“There’s nothing more American and more of a symbol of freedom, than having the freedom to hunt and kill a bald eagle,” Trump told reporters. “This will allow Americans to take advantage of their Second Amendment rights in the most Patriotic way possible. Plus the taste is absolutely tremendous, a great bird, the best tasting bird. I ate one the last time I was in China, absolutely delicious.”
The bald eagle is both the national bird and national animal of the United States of America. The bald eagle appears on its seal. The founders of the United States were fond of comparing their new republic with the Roman Republic, in which eagle imagery (usually involving the golden eagle) was prominent. On June 20, 1782, the Continental Congress adopted the design for the Great Seal of the United States depicting a bald eagle grasping 13 arrows and an olive branch with its talons. The bald eagle appears on most official seals of the U.S. government, including the presidential seal, the presidential flag, and in the logos of many U.S. federal agencies. In 1940 a Federal law was passed that provides protection of the bald eagle by prohibiting the take, possession, sale, purchase, barter, offer to sell, purchase or barter, transport, export or import, of any bald eagle, alive or dead, including any part, nest or egg. Trump’s Executive Order will override this law, legalizing the hunting and killing of the bird, allowing the hunter to do with the bald eagle as he or she sees fit.
Trump spoke further to reporters about his decision to allow the hunting of bald eagles.
“Honestly, I wish the bald eagle had not been chosen as the representative of our country. He is a bird of bad moral character, very bad. He does not get his living honestly… probably is an illegal too. And because of this we should change the symbol of America, the American Seal, to something more appropriate, something greater, and I can only think of one thing; Trump Towers. They stand for freedom in this country and the potential that every good Christian, God-fearing American has in this country.”
This Executive Order does not come as a surprise to most environmental activists. 38-year-old Paul Horner, with the Washington State Department of Ecology, says he disagrees with everything Trump has done since taking office when it comes to protecting the environment.
“Trump put a man in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) who doesn’t believe in climate change. He’s lifting regulations on every evil out there imaginable; allowing coal dumping in our waters, attempting to rid us of every law that protects the environment, laws which have been put in place over the last hundred years to keep us alive so greed like this can’t happen,” Horner said “Trump is doing everything possible to get rich off this, to polluting the air we breathe to putting GMO’s in all the food that we eat,” Horner said. “It’s only a matter of time before Trump Towers is under water and we’re all wearing oxygen masks, something that he’ll profit off of through insurance and he’ll probably make the oxygen masks called “Trump Fun Masks” or something. It’s absolutely disgusting and the public needs to wake up to what this greedy as*hole is doing to our environment and the planet Earth.”
Trump quickly took to Twitter to respond to those who oppose of his Executive Order that allows the hunting of bald eagles.
“There is NOTHING more PATRIOTIC than killing a bald eagle, the symbol of AMERICA! Executive Order 14841 will be GREAT, THE BEST THING EVER!”
Once a common sight in much of the continent, the bald eagle was severely affected in the mid-20th century by a variety of factors, among them the thinning of egg shells attributed to use of the pesticide DDT. Bald eagles, like many birds of prey, were especially affected by DDT due to biomagnification. DDT itself was not lethal to the adult bird, but it interfered with the bird’s calcium metabolism, making the bird either sterile or unable to lay healthy eggs. The species was first protected in the U.S. and Canada by the 1918 Migratory Bird Treaty, later extended to all of North America. The Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, approved by the U.S. Congress in 1940, protected the bald eagle and the golden eagle, prohibiting commercial trapping and killing of the birds. The bald eagle was declared an endangered species in the U.S. in 1967, and amendments to the 1940 act between 1962 and 1972 further restricted commercial uses and increased penalties for violators.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters details of the bald eagle hunting licenses that will be made available to the public on June 1st, 2017.
“These hunting licenses for the bald eagle will be made available to only those Americans who truly love this country. They must be able to prove that that they are American, and not illegal anchor babies or Muslims. Also, these licenses are free for children under the age of twelve. If you’re not a good, Christian American, don’t even think of getting one of these licenses. These licenses stand for freedom and are not to be abused or used by those who hate America.”
The Trump administration said it has plans to completely defund the EPA by the end of the year, which has already devastated the great barrier reef, saying that this will allow more funds available for defense.
Tom Downey, political activist, told reporters he believes what Trump is doing is wrong, but can be stopped.
“From citizens swarming airports and launching legal challenges to block Trump’s travel ban, to the flooding of town halls, offices and voicemails of Congress across the country to defeat the disastrous roll back of our healthcare rights, on many fronts right now massive citizen mobilization is winning! The Trump Administration calls Climate Change a hoax and a waste! But when we show up together we have tremendous power, let’s never forget it!”
Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to reporters about Trump’s decision to legalize the hunting of bald eagles in this country.
“Everything Trump stands for is backwards. His appointment of racist Steve Bannon, the way he unites hate for the Muslim people in this country, his support of white power organizations. He appointed a cabinet full of billionaires and millionaires to standup for the lower and middle class. The person he puts in charge of the EPA denies climate change. The person he put in charge of education doesn’t believe in public education. The American people should not accept this and Saturday Night Live makes fun of him the best way they know how. The children of this country deserve a leader who will build a successful future for them and can take a joke and not attempt to stop freedom of speech.” Bradley said. “Also, I just want to say a big thanks to everyone that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.”
Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told CNN that he believes what Trump is doing is the right thing.
“This is a great first step in the war against masturbation in this great Christian nation of ours! The bald eagle is an extremely sexy looking bird and only brings out deviant behavior in the Atheists, Devil Worshippers, non-normals and the heathens of this country. Way to go Donald Trump, you are legendary! Praise!”
The Trump Administration has setup a hotline for those wishing to voice any concerns or comments over the new bald eagle hunting licenses that will be made available next month. That hotline’s phone number is (785) 273-0329.