Obama To Resign January 1st Amid New Benghazi Revelations
http://nationalreport.net/obama-resign-january-1st-amid-new-benghazi-revelations/

According to several senior-ranking White House officials, President Barack Obama will resign from office on January 1st 2015, after learning that a so-called “Smoking Gun” story regarding the Benghazi scandal will soon be revealed. Those sources claim Obama will announce his resignation shortly after the midterm elections in November.

The decision to resign came after reporters from Fox News were allegedly contacted in August by a survivor of the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack, who came forward with shocking video evidence that Obama, then- White House Chief of Staff Jacob Lew, and then- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton knew that an attack on the US diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya was “imminent,” and intentionally ordered key security personnel to leave the facility and travel eight blocks away.


 
Sources at Fox News say that the unidentified survivor allegedly recorded a video teleconference on his cell phone in which Lew gave the orders, while Obama and Clinton watched on. “You don’t want a guy like Mitt Romney deciding your budget,” Lew supposedly states in the video, which Fox News has not yet released. “We need to win this thing, and that means we need to make some sacrifices. Let me be clear, no one will be harmed in this. We’re sacrificing a few buckets of paint, that’s all. We just need a little nudge in the polls.”

The sources at Fox say the network was prepared to air the video on August 23rd, but House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa (R-CA) convinced them to hold off on releasing the footage. White House sources say two unidentified reporters from Fox News joined Issa in a private meeting with Obama this past weekend, on August 30th, and agreed to not reveal the video if Obama agreed to resign. White House senior staff negotiated with Issa and the reporters so Obama could stay in office until the end of the year, and that he would announce the resignation in November, shortly after the midterms. Why they agreed to those terms is unclear.

Obama’s resignation has been highly sought after by conservatives and Tea Party figures since well before he actually took office in January of 2009. The Benghazi scandal continues to ignite fiery debate across the United States, despite a full lack of evidence, until now, of any wrongdoing on the behalf of the Obama Administration. In August, it was learned that the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee cleared Obama and his team of any wrongdoing in the Benghazi scandal.

If the story proves true, Obama will resign at noon on January 1st, 2015, and Vice President Joe Biden will be sworn into office. It is unclear who the next Vice President will be, but incumbent White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough is strongly favored for the role. Biden’s office reportedly scheduled “emergency meetings” with Nancy Pelosi, Tim Kaine, Elizabeth Warren, and Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley for Tuesday and Wednesday, and some speculate these meetings might be related to a future VP decision, though no sources could confirm the rumor.