Why Didn’t FBI Dir James Comey Prosecute Hillary? Maybe this $6 Million Connection Will Explain…
http://newsfeedobserver.com/why-didnt-fbi-dir-james-comey-prosecute-hillary/
By Ian Fortey Ian Fortey May 21, 2017 79,678 views

It seems fired FBI Director James Comey’s ties to the Clinton Foundation and the
confiicts of interest are deeper, closer than we thought.

According to Gateway Pundit:

“Comey served as general counsel at Lockheed Martin until 2010 when he departed
with over $6 million to show for it. That same year Lockheed Martin became a
member of the Clinton Global Initiative and “won 17 contracts from the U.S. State
Department, which was led by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton,” Big League
Politics reports.

Comey just so happened to have joined the board of the British bank HSBC Holdings
in 2013, which just so happens to be a Clinton Foundation partner.”

However, one of the most shocking (and important) confiicts of interest of note is this:
Comey’s brother, Peter Comey, works for the Washington law firm DLA Piper, and
serves as its “Senior Director of Real Estate Operations for the Americas.”

So, who is DLA Piper, you ask? Well, DLA Piper happens to be one of the top ten alltime
career campaign donors for Hillary Clinton. On top of this, DLA Piper also
happens to do the Clinton Foundation’s taxes. And if that isn’t telling enough, DLA
Piper also performed the 2015 audit of the Clinton Foundation when the scandal first
broke.

Per Big League Politics:

“Property records show tha“t James Comey owns the
mortgage on his brother Peter Comey’s house in
Virginia. Therefore, James Comey had a direct
financial relationship with a DLA Piper executive at
the time he was investigating Clinton.

These relationships, though egregious, are
symptomatic of the brazen culture of crony
capitalism that exists in our nation’s capital. The
public usually is prevented from learning these kinds
of things, with the mainstream media blocking
information from coming out. Sunlight is the only
remedy.

When President Donald Trump finally fired James
Comey as FBI director, Tucker Carlson said that
everyone in Washington knows it was well past due.”