Black-and-White Evidence That Proves US Government Engaged in Forced Sterilizations, Mind Control, Weather Modification, False Flag Operations and Igniting Wars (Videos)

(N.Morgan) When vital government documents are declassified or leaked, the evidence held within those pages are useful tools in getting to the truth of what is really going on in the world.

This evidence also assists in validating researchers and investigators who are often shut down, censored and dismissed as “conspiracy theorists.” 

Emigrate While You Still Can! Learn More...
The internet is quickly becoming a digital censorship grid, where corporate technological behemoths like Google (who owns YouTube) and Facebook will rig algorithms (which control search engine results and news feeds) to elevate the information they want you to see and bury the information they don’t want you to see. 

Amazon also plays a part in this emerging multinational corporate technological oligarchy, and you may remember they have been caught censoring books in the past (such as No One Died at Sandy Hook by Jim Fetzer) by refusing the book sales on their platform.

Declassified documents are tangible and vital pieces of evidence that expose the shocking extent to which groups of people, using and hiding behind the concept of “government”, have committed egregious crimes against humanity. It’s hard for naysayers and censors to deny the authenticity of government declassified files which show our history is full of conspiracy fact, not conspiracy fiction.



Declassified Files #1: Operation 

Think that World War II ended with the defeat of the Nazis? 

Think again. They didn’t get defeated; they just went south (Argentina) and joined the ranks of their conquerors (US, UK, Russia) in a dirty deal of legal immunity for inside information.

The German scientists, technicians and engineers had made brilliant and groundbreaking advances in many fields in the leadup to and during the war, and the victors didn’t have a moral problem with the Nazi weapons of destruction … the only problem was that the brilliant scientists were on the wrong side.

The US got a sizeable portion of these Nazi scientists (around 1500) and smuggled them into NASA and the CIA, where some of them such as Wernher von Braun went on to make a name for themselves. Thus, the US willingly allowed its military and intelligence agencies to be infected with Nazi ideology, which continues to this day.

The declassified docs relating to Project Paperclip or Operation Paperclip are here.



Declassified Files #2: The Escape of Hitler and Other Nazis to Argentina

The mainstream narrative is that at the end of WWII, Hitler committed suicide in Berlin in a bunker. It’s a nice story, but apparently, that’s all it is – a story.

In his book Hitler in Argentina: The Documented Truth of Hitler’s Escape from Berlin, author Harry Cooper produced a slew of astounding evidence that Hitler and other top Nazis such as Martin Bormann traveled in German submarines all the way to Argentina.

Some of the evidence which supports the truth of this astonishing claim is found in these FBI declassified docs.

The article FBI Quietly Declassified Secret Files Attesting Hitler Fled to Argentina in 1945 contains further information.



“Along with the FBI documents detailing an eye witness account of Hitler’s whereabouts in Argentina, more evidence is coming to light to help prove that Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun did not die in that bunker.

In 1945, the Naval Attaché in Buenos Aires informed Washington there was a high probability that Hitler and Eva Braun had just arrived in Argentina.

This coincides with the sightings of the submarine U-530. Added proof comes in the form of newspaper articles detailing the construction of a Bavarian styled mansion in the foothills of the Andes Mountains.

Further proof comes in the form of architect Alejandro Bustillo who wrote about his design and construction of Hitler’s new home which was financed by earlier wealthy German immigrants in Argentina.

… [an] archeologist from Connecticut State, Nicholas Bellatoni was allowed to perform DNA testing on one of the skull fragments recovered from the bunker. What he discovered set off a reaction through the intelligence and scholarly communities.

Not only did the DNA not match any recorded samples thought to be Hitler’s, they did not match Eva Braun’s familiar DNA either.”



Declassified Files #3: Operation Northwoods

Operation Northwoods was the outrageous plan for the US military to attack its own people and cities (Washington DC and Miami) as a false flag operation to frame Cuba.

It was a pretext to invade Cuba.

The 1962 declassified US Joint Chiefs of Staff Memo is entitled “Operation Northwoods – Justification for US Military Intervention in Cuba.”

In its own words, the document states that a “series of well coordinated incidents will be planned to take place in and around Guantanamo to give genuine appearance of being done by hostile Cuban forces.”

Luckily JFK had the nous to reject the plan; by 1962, he had discerned the insidious influence of Military Intelligence Complex upon his presidency.

The declassified docs for Operation Northwoods are here.



Declassified Files #4: CoIntelPro

CoIntelPro has become a famous word of its own, derived from the full operational name Counter Intelligence Program. This was a program run by the FBI under Hoover which started in 1956.

CoIntelPro was a series of undercover operations that targeted people and groups the US Government deemed were a problem, such as the communist party, other far left groups, civil rights groups, far right groups (e.g. the KKK) and individuals activists such as Martin Luther King.

The scope of CoIntelPro was broad: it involved monitoring, surveilling, infiltrating, discrediting and disrupting.

Although then Attorney General Robert Kennedy authorized some spying, the FBI was given an inch and took a mile (much like today’s spy agencies), clearly overstepping the bounds of legality. It became a way for the government to intimidate and stifle dissidents.

Declassified docs on CoIntelPro are here.



Declassified Files #5: Operation Mockingbird

Operation Mockingbird was a CIA disinformation project to infiltrate and covertly control the mainstream media.

It began in the 1950s under then CIA director Allen Dulles.

The declassified files (most are classified and secret, but a tiny fraction are here) show how the CIA infiltrated the mainstream media and had its pieces inserted into TV, newspapers and journals everywhere as “news” when they were nothing more than lies and propaganda.

Richard Salant, former President of CBS News, once said that “our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have.” 

Mockingbird was famously exposed in the 1975 Church Committee hearings with CIA Director William Colby testifying that over 400 CIA agents were active in the US media, to control what was reported through American mainstream television, newspapers and magazines.



Journalists worldwide are still on the payroll, and some were brave enough to talk about it, such as the late Udo Ulfkotte.

See Also: Hollywood and The CIA: A Dark Marriage Revealed



Declassified Files #6: Operation MKUltra

Operation MKUltra has become so infamous that the term is basically synonymous with mind control. The “MK” of MKUltra stands for mind kontrolle (German spelling of control), with a nod to the German Nazi scientists who were brought in under Paperclip and developed it for the CIA.



In 1953, CIA agent Richard Helms (later CIA director in 1966) chose Dr. Sidney Gottlieb to run the TSS (Technical Service Staff) to develop truth serum drugs, hypnotic techniques and mind control techniques, with the purpose of creating spies, couriers and assassins.

Eisenhower approved using Nazi scientists and Jewish victims as guinea pigs. MKUltra was so large it had 149 sub-projects. By 1953, the emphasis of MKUltra was LSD (see below), but by the 1960s, this had changed into biological radio communications.



Helms later destroyed much of the MKUltra archive when he left in 1972, but some declassified files remain.



Declassified Files #7: Operation Midnight Climax

Operation Midnight Climax, one of many MKUltra sub-projects, used paid prostitutes to lure people into CIA safe houses in San Francisco, Marin and New York.

There, they were surreptitiously given a wide range of substances, including LSD, and monitored behind one-way glass.

This was not the first time, nor the last, that the US Government used drugs and other substances with which to experiment upon unsuspecting individuals.

The point was to study the effects of LSD and gain research on the potential military and intelligence uses of sexual blackmail, surveillance technology and mind-altering drugs.



Some of the declassified files are available here.

See also: Declassified Documents Disclose CIA Mind Control Programs



Declassified Files #8: CIA Drug Smuggling

The CIA has for many years used illegal drugs to fund its illegal operations. Drugs are often one of the secret motivation behind wars.

Vietnam is part of the Golden Triangle of heroin-producing opium poppies, Afghanistan is also home to huge swathes of opium poppies, and after the US invaded many Central and South American countries, it took control of the cocaine production operations there.

In 1996, journalist Gary Webb exposed the connection between the CIA, cocaine and the Nicaraguan contras.

In the early 1980s, the CIA pushed the sale of cocaine in Los Angeles to help finance their covert war against the Sandinistas in Nicaragua. (Also see: The Clinton Body Count)

You can read some of the declassified files on the CIA’s connection to the drug trade here, including excerpts from Oliver North’s notebook obtained under the FOIA.

North writes that Air Force General Richard Secord told him (North) that “14 M to finance [the arms in the warehouse] came from drugs.”



Declassified Files #9: Operation Gladio

Operation Gladio, which still continues to this day, is the codename for a clandestine NATO “stay-behind” operation in Italy during the Cold War.

The CIA spearheaded Gladio under the pretext of preventing the spread of Soviet communism in Europe.

The name gladio is the Italian form of gladius, a type of Roman shortsword.

Gladio came to refer to a whole range of stay-behind cells and groups in Europe, although originally, Operation Gladio was the Italian branch.

Gladio became famous when then Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti talked about it.

Gladio involved the Freemasons, Mafia members and the Vatican, who all united with the CIA and NATO in a holy war against communism.

Operation Gladio was responsible for some horrible atrocities and false flag attacks in Italy, such as the bombing of Bologna train station in 1980.

Today, even the Western-backed fighters in Nazi Ukraine and Syria are basically Gladio fighters.

Declassified files on Gladio can be found here.



Emigrate While You Still Can! Learn More...
Declassified Files #10: Forced Sterilization Programs

The United States Government has a long and sordid history of using its own people as guinea pigs and unwitting subjects for experimentation, much of which was done without their knowledge or consent. Some of this came in the form of forced sterilization programs.



The article, Forced Sterilization of Native Americans, describes a particular program aimed at Native American Indian women:

“During the late 1960s and the early 1970s, a policy of involuntary surgical sterilization was imposed upon Native American women in the United States, usually without their knowledge or consent, by the federally funded Indian Health Service (IHS), then run by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA).

It is alleged that the existence of the sterilization program was discovered by members of the American Indian Movement (AIM) during its occupation of the BIA headquarters in 1972.

A 1974 study by Women of All Red Nations (WARN), concluded that as many as 42 percent of all American Indian women of childbearing age had, by that point, been sterilized without their consent.

A subsequent investigation was conducted by the U.S. General Accounting Office (GAO), though it was restricted to only four of the many IHS facilities nationwide and examined only the years 1973 to 1976.

The GAO study showed that 3,406 involuntary sterilizations were performed in these four IHS hospitals during this three-year period. Consequently, the IHS was transferred to the Department of Health and Human Services in 1978.”

Declassified files are here.



Declassified Files #11: Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment

One of the darkest episodes in the history of the US Government, the Tuskegee syphilis experiment was a nefarious clinical study conducted by the US Public Health Service which began in 1932 and lasted all the way to 1972.

The point was to study the natural progression of untreated syphilis in rural African American men who thought they were receiving free health care from the government.

It involved knowingly giving the men syphilis without their knowledge, telling them they just had “bad blood”, then watching them as the disease progressed. The researchers (or perhaps better put, sadists) deliberately didn’t treat the men with penicillin which was found in the 1940s to be an effective cure for syphilis.

Meanwhile, numerous men in the study died of syphilis, 40 of their wives contracted the disease and subsequently 19 children were born with congenital syphilis.

Declassified files are here.



Declassified Files #12: Operation LAC and Operation Dew

Human experimentation has not just been limited to the injection of diseases and sterilization.

There have also been tests upon the population which have involved spraying entire areas with pathological agents — sometimes natural, sometimes man-made biological warfare agents.

Two examples of this are Operation LAC (Large Area Coverage) and Operation Dew, both carried out by the US Army Chemical Corps in the 1950s, both of which involved dispersing tiny zinc cadmium sulfide (ZnCdS) particles (which were fluorescent) and plant spores (lycopodium) from an aircraft over much of the country.

The goal was to ascertain the dispersion and geographic range of the sprayed agents.

The Government said it was safe at first, but “according to the National Library of Medicine’s TOXNET database, the EPA reported that Cadmium-sulfide was classified as a probable human carcinogen.”

Some of the declassified files are here.



Declassified Files #13: Project Sunshine

Body snatching and experimentation upon dead bodies (cadavers) is also a documented fact when it comes to governmental crimes.

During the 1950s, the US AEC (Atomic Energy Commission) and US Air Force conducted a study on the global health effects of fallout from nuclear weapons testing.

The AEC wanted to learn more about how strontium-90 (a radioactive isotope of strontium) affected human tissue and bones, so they secretly collected (stole) over 1500 tissue samples from the bodies of dead babies and young children from around the globe – without consent.

Project Sunshine was declassified in 1959.



Declassified Files #14: Operation Popeye

All those who are still skeptical about the reality of chemtrails, cloud seeding and geoengineering programs will want to review this evidence.

Operation Popeye was a weather modification program in Southeast Asia (mainly Laos and Vietnam) from 1967 to 1972.

The purpose was to aid US efforts in the Vietnam War.

Specifically, it was a cloud seeding operation which aimed to extend the monsoon season (targeted over areas of the Ho Chi Minh Trail) by inducing rain over the “infiltration routes in North Vietnam and southern Laos” and therefore to “interdict or at least interfere with truck traffic between North and South Vietnam” – as written in this memo from the Deputy Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs (Kohler) to Secretary of State Rusk.

Chemtrails were also utilized in WWII as a smoke curtain in battle. Check out the footage below:



See also: Revealed – US Senate Document Confirms National and Global Weather Modification (Geoengineering) Programs



Declassified Files #15: Iran Flight 655

The US and Iran have been on tense terms for a long time.

In 1953, the US decided to target Iran with one of its now famous regime change programs to overthrow the democratically elected Mossadegh and replace him the puppet dictator Shah who was happy to give the US and UK a cut of the Iranian oil profits.

Then, during the Iraq-Iran War of the 1980s, the US took the side of Iraq against Iran.

Towards the end of the 1980s (July 3rd, 1988 to be exact), Iran Air Flight 655 (a commercial flight) was travelling along a standard flight path through Iranian airspace on the way to Dubai.

Just a few minutes after taking off, it was shot down by the US Navy, killing all 290 people on board.

The Navy lied and stated they thought Flight 655 was an attacking fighter plane, and that they had attempted radio contact but received no response.

However, declassified documents (here) reveal a different story.

The truth was that the US only used emergency radio frequencies but not air traffic control frequencies, and also that the Navy cruiser registered the plane was climbing at the time, not descending as an attacking plane would be. Some of the files were declassified in 1988 and others in 1993.

 



Declassified Files #16: Unit 731

This one is another shocking event in the annals of governmental crime, although in the case the perpetrator was the Japanese Government.

Unit 731 refers to a covert biological and chemical warfare research and development unit of the Japanese Army located in China during World War II.

Under the command of General Ishii, the Japanese committed war crimes and lethal human experimentation upon around 300 people, mostly Chinese victims (though there were some Mongolian, Russian, Korean and Allied POWs too).

At the end of the war, the Japanese were caught, but in a familiar tale, the US traded immunity for data (a common theme which also happened with Project Paperclip).

The Unit 731 researchers were secretly given immunity by the US in exchange for the data they gathered through human experimentation.

Wikipedia quotes Hal Gold on Douglas MacArthur (Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces), who wrote to Washington that, “additional data, possibly some statements from Ishii probably can be obtained by informing Japanese involved that information will be retained in intelligence channels and will not be employed as ‘War Crimes’ evidence.”

Some of the declassified files are here.



Declassified Files #17: Gulf of Tonkin Incident

Vietnam was a brutal and devastating war, that changed a generation of young people and forever marred history because it was a war deception and greed, hidden under the veil of patriotism and liberty.

LBJ, fresh from his role in the Kennedy assassination, decide to plunge the US into war in 1964 by “making shit up.”

He claimed that the US ships were being fired upon int he Gulf of Tonkin, but it was an utter lie.

In 2005 and 2006, NSA documents were declassified showing that the second Gulf of Tonkin incident, which was used as a justification for the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution (which led to the Vietnam War), never happened.



Declassified Files #18: Project Stargate

Project Stargate was the code name for a secret US Army unit established in 1978 at Fort Meade, Maryland, by the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and SRI International (a California contractor).

The goal was analyze psychic phenomena (remote viewing, ESP, clairvoyance, astral travel, etc.) and see if they could be weaponized for military and intelligence purposes.

The original founders of the program were Russell Targ, Hal Puthoff and Ingo Swann – nicknamed the “Psi Spies” by the late Jim Marrs.

The Project had various predecessors and offshoots (such as Gondola Wish, Grill Flame, Center Lane, Sun Streak and Scanate) until 1991 when they were consolidated and renamed under the umbrella term Stargate Project.

At one point, the late Major General Albert Stubblebine was in charge, the same one who was outspoken in exposing the 9/11 false flag operation, and who was the husband of health and nutrition activist Dr. Rima Laibow.

The CIA terminated Project Stargate in 1995, deeming that it had provided no use.

Find declassified files here.



Declassified Files #19: Project 1794

Project 1794 is black-and-white proof that the US military, specifically the USAF (US Air Force), was developing UFOs or flying saucers.

In 2012, the USAF revealed that its Aeronautical Systems Division had plans to produce a UFO craft in the 1950s.

The craft vehicle was designed to reach speeds of Mach 4, an altitude of 100,000 feet and have a range of over 1,000 nautical miles. The project was abandoned in 1961.

Find declassified files here.



Declassified Files #20: Majestic 12 or MJ-12

Majestic 12, also known as MJ-12 or MJ 12, was a shadowy group which was allegedly given the task of overseeing the “alien question” during the aftermath of WWII, the start of the Cold War and the aftermath of the 1947 UFO Roswell crash.

Many researchers and whistleblowers have drawn the conclusion that MJ-12 was the core group within other groups which controlled access to extraterrestrial technology.

Some of its members included famous people such as Vannevar Bush, who was also instrumental in the development of weather manipulation programs (as exposed by Peter Kirby in his research on what he calls The New Manhattan Project).

Respected UFO researcher Bob Wood (together with his team including son Ryan Wood, UFO researcher Nick Redfern, UFO researcher Stanton Friedman, Timothy Cooper, Jim Clarkson and the late Jim Marrs) has made a website with many Majestic docs available.

You can read these MJ-12 files here. They have their own system of rating the documents for authenticity.

The document above was authenticated MJ-12 document written by former CIA chief Allen Dulles.



References:

https://wakeup-world.com/2017/09/21/20-declassified-files-that-prove-government-crime-and-conspiracy/

http://documents.theblackvault.com/documents/wwii/paperclipcia.pdf

https://vault.fbi.gov/adolf-hitler/adolf-hitler-part-01-of-04/view

http://humansarefree.com/2015/02/fbi-quietly-declassified-secret-files.html

http://tst.greyfalcon.us/bizarre.htm

http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/military-intelligence-complex-ex-agents-p1

http://nsarchive2.gwu.edu//news/20010430/doc1.pdf

https://vault.fbi.gov/cointel-pro

http://documents.theblackvault.com/documents/cia/operationmockingbirdCIA.pdf

https://wakeup-world.com/2015/02/13/hollywood-and-the-cia-a-dark-marriage-revealed

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDCfTIapds0

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIaFkR9uriU

https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/DOC_0000707674.pdf

https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP88-01315R000200070024-3.pdf

https://nsarchive.wordpress.com/2015/04/07/the-dark-alliance-declassified

http://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/operation-gladio

http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/jfk-assassination-who-how-why-part-1

http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/category/911-inside-job

http://encyclopedia.jrank.org/articles/pages/6242/Forced-Sterilization-of-Native-Americans.html

http://www.gao.gov/assets/120/117355.pdf

https://catalog.archives.gov/id/281643

http://data2.archives.ca/e/e443/e011063033.pdf

https://history.state.gov/historicaldocuments/frus1964-68v28/d274

http://documents.theblackvault.com/documents/dtic/ADA260260.pdf

https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/reports/2008/R251.pdf

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_731

https://www.archives.gov/files/iwg/japanese-war-crimes/select-documents.pdf

https://www.nsa.gov/news-features/declassified-documents/gulf-of-tonkin

https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/collection/stargate

https://catalog.archives.gov/id/6920770

http://www.activistpost.com/2017/03/chemtrails-exposed-truly-a-new-manhattan-project.html

http://www.majesticdocuments.com

More Stories Contributed By N. Morgan

