Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins

Houston Residents Being Sprayed with Deadly Neurotoxins
Emigrate While You Still Can! Learn More...
Red Alert: HOUSTON OFFICIALS WARN LOCAL RESIDENTS TO USE GAS MASKS AS C-130 GUNSHIPS RAIN DOWN TOXIC SPRAY IN FIGHT AGAINST MOSQUITOS. THE PROBLEM IS, WHAT IF A RESIDENT AND THEIR FAMILY CANNOT AFFORD TO BUY GAS MASKS? WILL THE SAME BE DONE TO PEOPLE IN FLORIDA?
 

A serious situation is developing in Houston as people operating with orders from an unknown source, are spraying a  highly toxic substance, banned in several countries, on the people of of Houston.

The authorities are telling the people to don gas masks? Really? What if a family cannot afford gas masks? Also, Houston citizens need to be asking an important question: “Are there millions of gas masks available for purchase in Houston?”  Further, if there is no other choice. why aren’t the federal relief funds being used to purchase gas masks for the citizens? And how would these gas masks be distributed?

I have handled and worn gas masks before they are difficult to put on and they are even more difficult to remove. What about the elderly or the infirm? What are they to do? What about the children, or infants, what is going to protect them? The spraying of these residents is the best example of depraved indifference that I have ever witnessed.

A Slow Burn Genocide
In short America, this is a slow burn genocide for the people of Houston. Now whether this genocide is intentional or an unavoidable tragedy, one can debate the circumstances surrounding this human holocaust. However, there is one unavoidable factor that cannot be debated. The mosquitos which are being sprayed, will not bite and infect all Houston residents, not even close.

CONVERSELY, EVERY HOUSTON RESIDENT WILL BE EXPOSED TO THIS BANNED NEUROTOXIN WHICH IS PROVEN TO CAUSE CANCER AND A WHOLE HOST OF COGNITIVE AND PHYSICAL PROBLEMS.

Which is worse, to get sprayed and have a 100% chance of being exposed to life threatening toxins or to do nothing and have a small chance of being bitten by a mosquito, that may or may not be infected with maladies? I would take my chances on being exposed to the mosquitos. 

“Naled” to the Wall
The neurotoxin that the Air Force is using is called naled, which is in the organophosphate category of insecticides, and the EU banned Naled in 2012 out of concern for ITS EXTREME TOXICITY: “The scenarios evaluated in the human health risk assessment as well as in the environmental risk assessment showed a potential and unacceptable risk,” wrote the European Commission in its ruling.

American health officials disagree. Both the Centers for Disease Control and the US Environmental Protection Agency stand behind naled, stating the small amount of the insecticide sprayed from planes doesn’t expose people enough to pose a health concern. Please allow me to don my Common Sense hat. Watch the following and ask yourself if this looks like a small amount of neurotoxin being sprayed upon the residents of Houston,  to you?

What does your Common Sense tell you? Does this look like a small amount or are you, like myself, beginning to have doubts about the “story” the Air Force and the EPA are telling the news media?

Additionally, the Air Force stated, in a press release, saying the insecticide will be used in volumes the EPA considers safe. Bravo Sierra! Isn’t that what the soldiers were told who were exposed to Agent Orange in Vietnam, or Corexit in the Gulf following the Gulf oil spill? Who do they think they are kidding?

The neurotoxin, in question, caused the Governor of Puerto Rico to call out the army and prevent its distribution in a similar situation. Texas Governor Abbott needs to do the same thing for his people and the mayor of Houston needs to be driven from office for gross negligence and depraved indifference.

Texas Governor Abbott is a good man. He needs to step up and do what the Governor of Puerto Rico did to protect his people from the insane Deep State and I would bet my bottom dollar that this is where this is coming from.

Meanwhile, my advice to the good people of Houston is to leave the area, at least for the short-term.
