Obama Sent MILLIONS Of Dollars To Fund A Terrorist Group
It is safe to say that America has a pretty bad past with the Democratic leaders. First we had Jimmy Carter when he held back the Iranian army, thus leading to Iran’s terrorist state to take over the Iranian government. Then, Bill Clinton waged “Monica’s War” on Iraq. And, of course from recent history, our “beloved” Obama… Where do we start with this one…

First of all, he didn’t wait long after his inauguration to send our troops in Iraq. This enabled Iran to take over Iraq. This cost us 
500 American soldiers.

While he was at it, his Secretaries of State, Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, helped him to create a negotiation platform directly with Iran.

According to former CIA Analyst Fred in Obamabomb, “A Dangerous and Growing National Security Fraud, the nuclear deal with Iran and the Obama administration’s defense of it are full of deceptions and dishonesty.”

Then we had false narratives to the media that saluted the disturbing deal they made. And as if that wasn’t enough, 
the Obama Administration provided $150 BILLION in sanctions relief directly to Iran! Yet they failed to mention to Iran that they attempted to gain nuclear bomb capabilities.

After that, on January 17th, 2016, Obama sent $400 million by an unmarked cargo plane. The money was sent as an exchange for four Americans being held captive by Iran. But, the deal didn’t stop here. Obama also released seven Iranian terrorists that were being held captive by the U.S.Oh, oh, and let’s not forget the 
$1.3 BILLION he sent to Iran, JUST BECAUSE! Guys, this lunatic led our country for 8 years! Glad that’s over!

But, the story doesn’t end here… A report released by Jewish News Service Yeshiva explains exactly where that sum ended. Get ready for this: the money was sent to a terrorist group, Hezbollah.

Аs Jewish News Service Yeshiva reports:

According to a Saudi Arabian newspaper report on April 25th, Hezbollah had received $600 million worth of Iranian aid. The Al-Youm newspaper reported that the aid was transferred almost completely in hard cash, and is being used for the terror group’s institutions and salaries paid to its terrorists and their families.

Hezbollah is a terrorist organization that is headed by Hassan Nasrallah, its Secretary general. It was conceived by Muslim clerics and funded by Iran primarily to harass the Israelis who had entered Lebanon to increase stability in the north. Its leaders were followers of Ayatollah Khomeini, and its forces were trained and organized by a contingent of 1,500 Revolutionary Guards that arrived from Iran with permission from the Syrian government, which was in occupation of Lebanon at the time.

Hezbollah receives money from several sources including monies received from Shiite businessmen abroad, charity taxes, profit from Shiite websites in Iraq; and money received from Shiite imams in Iraq and abroad.

Aren’t you glad that Hillary didn’t win? Imagine what would have kept on going! Imagine how much more money would have been sent to fund other terrorist groups!