Obama Cuts 2.6 Billion From Veterans While Allocating 4.5 Billion To Syrian Migrants Moving To America
http://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2016/obama-cuts-26-billion-from-veterans-while-allocating-45-billion-to-syrian-migrants-moving-to-america
Veteran Affairs is one of the most mismanaged government program in the United States. Veterans cannot make appointments, the cost for treatment is outrageous, over 307,000 veterans died 
waiting for care, yet nobody has been held accountable. The most recent atrocity by the VA came when the VA went to Congress, less than three months before the end of the fiscal year, 
short $2.6 billion in funds in order to care for the veterans.

The Secretary of Veteran Affairs, Robert McDonald, told Congress that if they do not receive $2.6 billion more in funds, they will have to deny veterans the care they deserve. The VA has 
been known to delay doctor appointments, especially in the past 7 years. Robert McDonald has only been Secretary of Veteran Affairs for the past year, yet he has already made some 
horrific things. “What you’re seeing is a sea of change in the way VA operates. Historically, we’ve managed to a budget instead of managing to requirements based on veterans’ needs.”

After discussing the possibility of closing some of the VA hospitals, Congress passed an emergency spending bill worth $3.5 billion. Josh Earnest, White House spokesman, said that the 
United States has committed to spend $4.5 billion in order to help rebuild Syria while also addressing the refugee camps scattered throughout Europe. $419 million will be designated for 
humanitarian aid assisting with Syrian refugees. The money is coming from the United States Agency for International Development which means that Congress will not get the chance to deny 
the funding.

While thousands of veterans are dying waiting for medical care and even more are living on the streets, the United States is sending over several billion dollars to help other countries. 
The United States can’t even take care of those who protect its freedom, yet the Obama Administration doesn’t seem to notice or care.