BUSTED! Hillary’s Million Dollar Scandal With Russia Definitively UNCOVERED!
http://www.voxtribune.com/busted-hillarys-million-dollar-scandal-russia-definitively-uncovered/
Hillary used her foundation to do business Russia, and this time Peter Schweizer has the details about Hillary’s “$145 million scandal”.

She got money from Saudi Arabia as well, but let’s focus on Russia now:

According to Breitbart:

Tuesday on Fox Business Network, “Lou Dobbs Tonight,” Breitbart editor at large and the author of  “Clinton Cash,” Peter Schweizer said there needs to be a federal investigation into the Russian uranium deal then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s State Department approved after the Clinton Foundation receiving $145 million from the shareholders of Uranium One.

Discussing Clinton’s speech on foreign political donations, Schweizer said, “It was a bizarre speech that she gave. It’s as if she was Rip Van Winkle has been asleep since the Clinton Foundation, Clinton Global Initiative had been functioning. If we are concerned about foreign government money in our politics as Hillary Clinton says she is let’s begin with the Clinton Foundation and begin with a very basic simple premise that is the Clinton Foundation agreed, signed an agreement with Barack Obama that they would disclose all of their donors on an annual basis.

Under oath Hillary Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee the same thing and we know they haven’t done it, that there are at least 1,100 foreign donations that they have any been disclosed to the American public. I was just shaking my head throughout that speech. It was. remarkable for her to say that.”

Discussing the Clinton Foundation receiving $145 million from the shareholders of Uranium One, he continued, “Look there are couple of things that are extremely troubling about the deal we touched on. number one is the amount of money $145 million. We are not talking about a super PAC giving a million dollars to support a candidate. We are not talking about campaign donations. We are talking about $145 million which by the way is 75 percent or more of the annual budget of the Clinton Foundation itself so it’s a huge sum of money. Second of all we are talking about a fundamental issue of national security which is uranium — it’s not like oil and gas that you can find all sorts of places.

There are precious few places you can mine for uranium, in the United States is one of those areas. And number three we are talking about the Russian government. A lot of people don’t realize it now, in parts of the Midwest American soil is owned by Vladimir Putin’s government because this deal went through.

And in addition to the $145 million Bill Clinton got half a billion dollars, $500,000 for a 20-minute speech from a Russian investment bank tied to the Kremlin, two months before the State Department signed off on this deal. It just stinks to high heaven and I think it requires a major investigation by the federal government.”

He added, “Everyone knows the reason that money flows to politicians is people want something in return. And particularly when you are talking about overseas in places like Nigeria or Russia or the United Arab Emirates. Those political cultures are rife with pay off and corruption.

And to think that you have got a Nigerian businessmen pledging $1 billion with a B to the Clinton Global Initiative that he wants nothing from the Clinton in return is just laughable. I think the American people recognize that there is a pay to play  system in Washington and that’s why you are seeing this rebellion against money in politics.”

CROOKED Hillary Clinton never made a clean deal.

Thank God, we the people elected Trump. SHARE to EXPOSE Her ONCE AGAIN!