George Soros Furious After Cops Shut Down Lethal Trap He Set For Trump Supporters In Arizona
http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/25/george-soros-furious-cops-shut-lethal-trap-set-trump-supporters-arizona/
The bad news is nobody lives forever.

The good news is Hungarian-born globalist tyrant George Soros is 87.

Soros, the silver-spooned destroyer of Western nations, has been on a tear lately, spending his billions on pet social engineering projects such as the EU migrant crisis and funding meddlesome Non-Goverment Organizations (NGOs) and various “color” revolutions” around the world.

There have been unofficial reports that Soros money bank-rolled leftist opponents of the Charlottesville rally that left three people dead and dozens injured, as well as other protests against “racist” Confederate statues and monuments.

Thankfully, “Deep Pockets” George Soros has only a few more miles to go before he sleeps. Although until the world is finally rid of this miserable New World Order communist, humanity will have to swallow the bitter fruits of his vast riches.

The Daily Caller reports that leading anti-Trump activists “backed by major Democratic donors, including George Soros, mobilized large numbers of protesters ahead of President Trump’s rally in Phoenix on Tuesday, with the intention of stealing the spotlight from the president’s event.”

A group that calls itself Indivisible reportedly is leading the “resistance” and encouraging protesters to register for tickets for the rally itself.

Phoenix is shaping up to become Trump’s Maidan moment. Only instead of Soros-funded Ukrainian Nazis fomenting bloody political unrest, it was Soros-funded leftist goon squads crashing in on Trump’s party on Tuesday.

Luckily, police knew about the impending chaos and were stationed around the city to protect the people from Soros’ lethal plot.

How and when will the Soros meddling end?

The day the Grim Reaper comes to usher the atheist puppet master on down to that eternally warm place below.

Do you think President Trump should use all means of international law to put a stop to the social engineering experiments of George Soros? Please take a moment to let us know what you think in the comment section below.