You Will Be Shocked When You Learn What Planned Parenthood Wants To Teach Preschoolers About Sex
http://endoftheamericandream.com/archives/you-will-be-shocked-when-you-learn-what-planned-parenthood-wants-to-teach-preschoolers-about-sex

What should we teach children that are three and four years old about sex? If you said “nothing” in response to that question, that was the right answer. Exposing very young children to graphic material about human sexuality at a very early age can be extremely detrimental, but that is precisely what Planned Parenthood wants to do. And I am not just talking about run of the mill sexual education. Planned Parenthood has just released new guidelines for educating preschoolers that include entire sections about transgenderism and masturbation. And remember, U.S. taxpayers are paying for all of this, because Planned Parenthood receives about 500 million dollars from the U.S. government every year. The Republicans have control of the White House, the Senate and the House of Representatives, and so there is absolutely no excuse for not defunding Planned Parenthood as soon as possible.


When I first learned about these new guidelines, I was absolutely stunned. Little children that are three and four years old are just learning to put sentences together, and yet Planned Parenthood wants them to start learning about sexuality and gender roles at that age? The following comes from Matt Miller…

New guidelines have been issued on the Planned Parenthood website containing detailed methods for talking to preschoolers about gender roles, sexuality, masturbation, transgenderism, and even ways of determining whether your child is trans or not.
In these new guidelines, there is even a section for parents that are wondering if their little preschooler is transgender. According to Planned Parenthood, parents of a potentially “transgender preschooler” should let them “wear what they want, have the haircut they want, and even use a name that reflects their gender”…

If you think your child might be transgender but don’t know what to do, talking with a counselor or therapist who’s familiar and supportive of LGBTQ identities is a good idea. Talking with other families with trans or gender nonconforming kids can be helpful, too — for both you and your child. There are community groups like PFLAG which may be in your area, and there are also lots of parenting groups online.

It’s also a good idea to talk to your child directly about their gender if you think they might be transgender or gender expansive. Ask them if they’re a boy or a girl, and how they know that to be true. If they are transgender, giving them the power to wear what they want, have the haircut they want, and even use a name that reflects their gender are all going to be really important for them to feel safe, especially once they start going to school. For help talking to your child about this stuff, Gender Spectrum is a good place to start.
This is wrong on so many levels, but if you speak out against these things you might be the one that is branded as a criminal.

In fact, a new law that is moving through the California legislature is so bizarre that it is hard to believe that it is actually real. If you do not use the proper pronoun for transgender senior citizens in California, you could soon be slapped with a huge fine or even be sent to prison. The following comes from Charisma News…

California is on its way to passing a new law that makes it illegal to call transgender senior citizens a pronoun they don’t like. For example, if an elderly person who was born male and lives in a long-term care facility wishes to be called “her” or “she,” the workers there had better do it or face the consequences. The proposed law would even apply to Christian facilities.

SB 219, titled the “Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Long-Term Care Facility Resident’s Bill of Rights,” states, “It shall be unlawful for a long-term care facility or facility staff to. … willfully and repeatedly fail to use a resident’s preferred name or pronouns after being clearly informed of the preferred name or pronouns.” It imposes fines and jail time on any long-term care employee who refuses to use transgender pronouns. Fines for repeat offenders could be as high as $1,000 and a jail term of up to a year.
Regardless of what you believe, this is supposed to be a nation that protects free speech.

If you want to stand up against this sort of tyranny, I would encourage you to support my campaign by visiting HelpMichaelWin.com. If I am elected, I promise to fight these kinds of laws as hard as I can.

Already, it is getting to the point where those that believe in traditional values will no longer be able to participate in the wedding industry. For example, a bridal shop in Pennsylvania has been forced to temporarily close its doors because it wouldn’t participate in a gay wedding…

A Christian-owned bridal shop in Pennsylvania has temporarily closed its doors to the public and is now only accepting appointments after its owner received threats because the shop refused to serve a lesbian couple looking for a wedding dress, a source close to the situation told The Christian Post.
This case got national attention, but the owners of the bridal shop have no intention of caving in…

“The owners of W.W. Bridal Boutique reserve the rights afforded to them by the First Amendment of the Constitution to live out our lives according to our faith,” the W.W. Bridal post was quoted as stating. “We will continue to serve our customers based on the tenets of our faith.”

Following the PGN report, nationally recognized left-leaning outlets such as the Huffington Post and Yahoo Style picked up on the article. The shop’s co-owner, Victoria Miller, told the Huffington Post in an email that their refusal was based on a matter of religious beliefs.
Sadly, small businesses such as this one are being slapped with lawsuits all over the nation for not participating in gay weddings, and many small businesses have already been financially ruined by such lawsuits.

If we do not stand up against the forces of political correctness and fight for freedom of speech and freedom of religion, our rights will continually be eroded until they are almost entirely gone.

This is a critical moment in our history, and if we lose this fight the future of our nation will be very bleak indeed.

Michael Snyder is a Republican candidate for Congress in Idaho’s First Congressional District, and you can learn how you can get involved in the campaign on his official website. His new book entitled “Living A Life That Really Matters” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.