Ben Carson Digs Up Obama’s Filthiest Skeleton – $500 Billion Fraud Uncovered/
http://americanprides.com/2017/08/08/ben-carson-digs-up-obamas-filthiest-skeleton-500-billion-fraud/
During the later years of the disastrous Obama era, the president pushed all sorts of radical policies through various agencies. By allowing his comrades throughout the government to drastically change rules and laws on their own, Congress was successfully circumvented. It’s bad enough when our moronic politicians shove crap down our throats but it’s even worse when unelected bureaucrats do it in secret. That’s just the epitome of corruption. One of the agencies most guilty of secret abuses is Housing and Urban Development. HUD has a scary amount of power in shaping our nation’s communities and not only that, ample opportunity exists for it to waste taxpayer money. And they didn’t just waste your money under President Obama; they threw giant wads of it down the toilet. As reported at Yes I’m Right, as the new head of HUD, Dr. Ben Carson called for an immediate audit to uncover any wastefulness and abuse. Why? Because this guy actually does his job. To no one’s surprise – but to everyone’s horror – the Inspector General in charge of the review found half a trillion dollars in unaccounted funds. Apparently, HUD’S books are so horribly managed that a full audit couldn’t even be completed during an initial inquiry. It’s so bad that this is looking less like incompetence and more like outright corruption and kickbacks. Here’s what the report said: “When the IG remained unable to issue an opinion for fiscal years 2015 or 2016, he gave Obama staffers a three-month extension. Thus, their reprieve allowed them to fix $3.4 billion in 2015 errors and $516.4 billion in 2016 errors. After HUD’s re-submission of paperwork, 11 material weaknesses, seven significant deficiencies, and five instances of failure to comply with laws and regulations remain unresolved. The continued problems ‘were due to an inability to establish a compliant control environment, implement adequate financial accounting systems, retain key financial staff, and identify appropriate accounting principles and policies.’” Obama’s HUD lackey, Brian Sullivan, dared to say otherwise on the matter, when in December of 2016 he claimed: “HUD does apply generally accepted accounting standards,” despite the fact the IG report concluded otherwise. That, and there’s the half a trillion dollars in errors, which would lend credence to the IG’s conclusions. When Trump first tapped Carson for the HUD position, the typical circus of leftist clowns came out and bashed the choice, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) being one of the most critical.