EXPOSE : Trump Allowed This Black Homeless Woman to Live Rent Free in Trump Tower For 8 years.
http://www.religionmind.com/2017/02/expose-trump-allowed-this-black.html

Donald Trump has invited this homeless black woman to stay at Trump Tower back in 2008 after he found out that she was living on the walkway next to the tower.

Daily news reporter who published a full page article with the women says that he is surprised to realize that this story did never come out during Trump's run to the office or thereafter. "I wonder why this story never came on any mainstream media that only portrayed Trump as a person who do not care for poor.

Trump Allowed This Black Homeless Woman to Live Rent Free in Trump Tower For 8 years.

Tracy Beckerman, the homeless black women says that, for over eight years, she is living in the Trump Tower without having to pay anything although she now has a good job that pays more than 50 Dollars an hour.

She says a man appeared as a security personnel at Trump tower once came to her and asked her to leave when she was roaming close to the building. "I refused and said that I don't have a place to go. Then the man asked me about my whereabouts. I told him my entire story and how I was suffering my entire life. Two days later I got invited by Trump and he said I can live in his tower for free until I find a place to go. Since then he did not force me or asked me if I would leave his building although now I can afford to rent one.", Says Tracy.


She says everything changed from the day she started living in Trump's building that was built for rich. "I was the poorest ever lived there. Poorest ever will live there". When I went looking for job and said I lived in Trump tower, everyone was surprised. It helped me to get better jobs. In fact with a handsome pay. I am glad that my life changed. I know there is a criticism against trump on how he treat women. I am not going to say anything about it. But my experience was a total contrast to what is being said and reported. Maybe I was an exception !

