JUST IN: Paper Trail Left As Seth Rich Murder Mystery Unveils New Twist
https://conservativedailypost.com/just-in-paper-trail-left-as-seth-rich-murder-mystery-unveils-new-twist/
Posted by Sam Di Gangi | Sep 22, 2017 | Liberal Corruption
With the exceptions of capitalism, God, and low taxes, there is nothing that Democrats detest more than having to address questions about Seth Rich. That is because the sharpest investigators from the best forensics colleges have detected a cover-up. Signs that the DNC is mired in this guilt all the way up to their neckties and pearl necklaces mean nothing to most liberals who just say, “it was proven as fake news.”
Well, no it certainly was and is not! In fact, a paper trail has unveiled a new twist regarding the whole affair.
Disobedient Media tells us today that “a report from America First Media Group appears to show” that payments were made to a private security company called “Crowdstrike” and that these ominous payments “coincided with the dates of two mysterious deaths.” That would be the deaths of Seth Rich (DNC staffer and likely leaker to Wikileaks) as well as “process server Shawn Lucas.”
Many who care about justice remember the name of Rich, but few recall the odd facts surrounding the death of Lucas. He met his end “after he attempted to serve former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz with papers regarding the DNC Fraud Lawsuit.”
The lawyers for the plaintiffs in that case “sought protection from the court” by “citing both Seth Rich and Shawn Lucas’ deaths, as well as that of Beranton Whisenant Jr. and others.”
To put this into perspective, most people have seen crime documentaries where the guilty party says, “no comment” to questions like “did you kill your best friend?” There is no doubt of the guilt when such answers are given to such easy questions, and this is basically the analogy that can be used to describe how citing such concerns highlighted this.
America First Media Group shows that the first payment made was what they called “preemptive measures” and occurred on May 5th, 2016. Whoever left his paper trail also later added to that a payment to Crowdstrike that totaled “$98,849.84” and that “took place on July 11th.”
The report tells us that “the relationship to this date happens to be the day after DNC Data Director of New Voter Registration Seth Rich was murdered. The final payment to date is August 3rd, 2016. This coincides with another murder in the District of Columbia. Shawn Lucas, who died on August 2nd of last year, was the DNC Process Server and close friend of Seth Rich.”
While libs keep crying "fake news" and "case closed," this paper trail proves that such is simply NOT the case. 
While libs keep crying “fake news” and “case closed” about the Seth Rich case, this paper trail proves that such is simply NOT the case.
Are we seeing evidence of actual blood money RIGHT BEFORE OUR VERY EYES?
Lucas and Rich were friends, a fact which must not be overlooked. If one of those two was suspected of telling the other anything that the DNC wanted to be left unsaid, according to the “James Bond” logic that we seem to be witnessing, they both would have to go.
Thanks to the Atlantic Council, George “America LAST” Soros is tied to Crowdstrike, which is yet another strike against them. Also, Adam Carter has found reasons to suspect the firm as having a “possible role in the creation of the Guccifer 2.0 persona and possible fabrication of Russian hacking in coordination with the DNC.” This is a lie which has haunted the current White House since day one.
What we have here is a rare and vivid look into actual liberal corruption.
CrowdStrike-DNC
With ties to George Soros vis the Atlantic Group, Crowdstrike already comes with a justified level of distrust.
If for any reason anyone on either side of the aisle (love Trump or hate him) still thinks that there is no leftwing cover-up happening here: let us imagine that George W. Bush and his team had such a paper trail after a GOP leaker is murdered who was talking to Jullian Assange about a Republican scheme to steal the White House.
Even with the facts that we have now, Bush would have swung from the highest tree that the media could have hung him from. Even if it was only half-true, the media circus would have savored the ratings talking about it nonstop. “A PAPER TRAIL OF DEATH FOR BUSH” the headlines on CNN would read, would they not have?

THAT is how one knows that there is a cover-up happening.

Sources: Disobedient Media – Teddy Stick
