Virginia GOP Rep Turns Traitor, Newest Resolution Helps Muslims As Christians Excluded
https://conservativedailypost.com/virginia-gop-rep-turns-traitor-newest-resolution-helps-muslims-as-christians-excluded/
Posted by Danny Abarno | Sep 22, 2017 | National Security
Representative Barbara Comstock (R-VA) has proposed a bill that would make hate speech against Islam illegal
The United States legislators have continued to follow Europe’s path towards complete censorship. European lawmakers have long placed laws that forbid the use of hate speech and make the offenses legally extremely punishable. Congress is looking to do the same thing in the United States that would comments against certain minorities legally punishable. Representative Barbara Comstock (R-VA) has proposed a bill that would protect Muslims from Islamophobic comments and she is not alone as many in the House are hoping the bill gets through.

The bill is designed to protect minorities from hate speech, a vague category of crime that seems only to protect minorities while the majority is subject to any criticism. It would not be surprising to find out that this bill would be supported by Democrats, as they make up the majority of support, but there are a few virtue signaling Republicans that think that limiting speech is a good thing.

The Democrats and liberals in the United States have always sought the removal of free speech as it allows forces in control to silence any internal opposition that may be directed against them. Republicans should know better than to advance a bill that would take away someone’s ability to criticize something, especially a religion.
 
The rational side of Islam that takes place after free speech is destroyed in a country. If this bill is passed then the US government will enforce Sharia law
The rational side of Islam that takes place after free speech is destroyed in a country. If this bill is passed then the US government will enforce Sharia law

The bill also calls for new task forces to be created that would seek out and prosecute individuals who violate the proposed law.  This means that our representatives want to create secret police forces appointed by bureaucrats to carry out laws that prohibit the criticism of Islam. If one begins to think of religious police who come to silence or kill journalists, activists, or anyone who disagrees with Islam’s culture of domination then one would have the proper idea of the kinds of forces that are going to be appointed.

These task forces already exist in Europe as many in the United Kingdom suffer from their own government prosecuting them simply for stating that child marriage is common in Islam. Child marriage, polygamy, and religious intolerance were not what built this great nation and to have our culture become irrelevant is not only unacceptable, it is treason. These representatives should feel ashamed of themselves for even suggesting religious police forces would be a good idea and somehow does not cross the line between church and state.

By instating government forces to monitor and prosecute hate speech, the US government would be condoning the use of religious police. Saudi Arabian Religious police above are brutal and are able to carry out swift and unjust punishments on the spot.
By instating government forces to monitor and prosecute hate speech, the US government would be condoning the use of religious police. Saudi Arabian Religious police above are brutal and are able to carry out swift and unjust punishments on the spot.
Advertisement

 
Unfortunately, this bill looks like it was manufactured by Islamist political groups across the United States. These groups like CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood are huge international organizations with vast networks of associates and activists that work to undermine national governments in order to better establish Sharia law.

They will influence public opinion by calling anyone who speaks ill of Islam an Islamophobic, even though Muslims constantly disrespect and call for the deaths of Jews, Hindus, Christians, and often times other Muslims. If this law is passed then it basically condone Sharia law in the sense that blasphemers can have a legal case brought against them.

Once organizations and police forces across the nation are able to enforce laws against those who speak ill of Islam, it will grant a foothold to those who want other punished by Sharia as well. Citizens of the United States did not immigrate from around the globe just to have Sharia law dominant over their lives.

This is the same Sharia law that oppresses women and religious minorities to conditions that violate all international human rights. This law can never be placed over the Constitution as even the tiniest foothold will allow Islam to spread and begin to control the lives of all Americans.

If the US places Islam above the Constitution then it will allow Islam to punish anyone caught outside of Sharia law. This bill must be stopped.
If the US places Islam above the Constitution then it will allow Islam to punish anyone caught outside of Sharia law. This bill must be stopped.
America has always placed our most sacred right as the right to speak freely. This often times calls for people to listen to opinions they probably disagree with but nevertheless must be heard the same. It protects the rights of minorities to speak out against atrocities that are occurring as well as allows even the most outrageous political voices to be heard.

It is placed above all other rights for a reason because our founding fathers knew the dangers associated of a religion tied to a government structure. Islam can not be placed above other religions as it will give it a place to legally prosecute any who violate Sharia law, a drastic violation of any American’s Constitutional rights.
