Head Official Makes FINAL CALL, Hillary Most Definitely Sick With THIS
https://conservativedailypost.com/head-official-makes-final-call-hillary-most-definitely-sick-with-this/
Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Sep 15, 2016 | Liberal Corruption
Hillary’s Diagnosis Is Interesting
Hillary Clinton’s health scares have been extremely prevalent the past couple days. Even though the Clinton campaign has stated that she has pneumonia, there are people that think otherwise. In fact there is a claim that she might have Parkinson’s disease.

A Republican state representative for New Hampshire made the claim first, on his Facebook account. In fact there was a twitter post by a King Robbo that has evidence to this. “JUST BEFORE SHE COLLAPSED! Her aid asks her to “Squeeze My Fingers” A neurological test! NOT PNEUMONIA! …”

Now there is more evidence for this. Daniel Tamburello, the co-chair of the Veterans For Trump group, has explained that his father had Parkinson’s and pneumonia is common for people who suffer from it.

“They may have admitted HRC has pneumonia, but that’s not WHY she has pneumonia. I believe she has pneumonia caused by Parkinson’s disease.”


Hillary Clinton delivers the keynote address at the 18th Annual David N. Dinkins Leadership and Public Policy Forum at Columbia University, in New York, April 29, 2015. AFP PHOTO/TREVOR COLLENS (Photo credit should read TREVOR COLLENS/AFP/Getty Images)
There Are Many People That Believe That Hillary Clinton Might Have Parkinson’s Disease
Temburello created a Facebook post detailed what he knows about the disease.

“My Dad has had Parkinson’s since 1989, so I know a bit about the disease. Hillary has been rumored to have Parkinson’s for some time, as one of the theories to what ails her. (Personally I would surmise it is more than one illness).”

While not as educated as a doctor, Tamburello has probably talked to doctors over the past 25 plus years, so he does know what to suspect. Since it was a loved one that has had it, you can be assured that Tamburello is going to pay special attention.

“It has now been admitted she has pneumonia. Pneumonia is one of the most common secondary conditions that occurs, and is a high degree secondary issue complicating Parkinson’s patients’ health that causes eventual mortality – again, very common to have Parkinson’s patients die of pneumonia.”

Top Dems Working To Talk Clinton Into Resigning 
Clinton Has Pneumonia Which Is A Common Secondary Condition From Having Parkinson’s Disease
Since he has been dealing with a family member having Parkinson’s for over 25 years, he has probably heard all of this before. Again even though he is not a doctor, he probably has paid close attention to what has been said to him.

Why do a lot of people who have Parkinson’s die of pneumonia? Well Tamburello answers that as well. “The reason is a lack of being able to control the ‘valve’ on your throat that prevents water from going into your lungs when drinking.”

Everyone has experienced this before. When you drink something and then suddenly start coughing and hacking, it is usually because you tried to take a breath at the same time that you were swallowing. Most people refer to this as “going down the wrong pipe.”

Tamburello continues on in his post. “This in a combination with the recent fondness of mumus, makes me think she is concealing a deep brain stim battery pack that counters her tremors from Parkinson’s (my dad has this battery pack too).”

Well that would explain why you never see Clinton shaking, if she does have this. After all that is one of the more noticeable symptoms of Parkinson’s disease is the shaking.

I Think We Know Who Was Behind This
You Never See Clinton Shaking, And There Could Be A Reason For That
Advertisement

Tamburello finished his post by saying, “They may have admitted HRC has pneumonia, but that’s not WHY she has pneumonia. I believe she has pneumonia caused by Parkinson’s disease.”

He offers some evidence, and it could be a reasonable claim. However it appears that his Facebook post was removed. Why would it be removed? Well there are two basic options on why that would happen. The first reason is that it could be true and they don’t want people knowing, and the second reason is that Facebook is actively doing what it can to censor any and all anti-Clinton posts.

Facebook has a history of trying to censor right wing ideas. After all their trending news team was fired because of that specific reason.

Facebook Has A History Of Censoring Conservative News, Especially In The Trending News Area
Well there is more evidence for the first case. After Tamburello put his post on Facebook, people on Twitter started looking at the footage of Clinton’s collapse. And they started supporting his claim. Some of the users pointed out that her doctor did the “squeeze my fingers test.”

This specific test is a common way to determine neurological health. And furthermore, they use it to diagnose Parkinson’s disease. So all this evidence is going around that supports the claim that Clinton might have Parkinson’s disease.

Now naturally her personal doctor had released a statement that denied these claims. “Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies. On Friday, during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia. She was put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning’s event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely.”

Well of course her doctor is going to say that. But it still doesn’t answer why someone who was helping her was telling her to “squeeze my hand.” And considering that the “squeeze my fingers test” is a common way to diagnose the disease, people are going to become very suspicious.

Hillary Knows She Is Guilty, Time To Put Her Away
There Is A Lot Of Evidence In The Theory That Clinton Might Have Parkinson’s Disease
People were already wondering about Clinton’s health since she had failed to tell everyone that she had pneumonia in the first place. This is only going to pester her some more until she actually releases her medical records.

Share this article to show that the democratic presidential nominee might actually have Parkinson’s disease. With all the evidence that someone who has seen and dealt with the disease for over 25 years, and considering that someone who was there told her to “squeeze my fingers,” which is a common neurological test, it isn’t completely out of the question to say that she has it.