Celebrities To Make 'Total Hollywood Strike' Unless Trump Resigns
https://www.clear-politics.com/2017/07/27/celebrities-make-total-hollywood-strike-unless-trump-resigns/
We are all well aware that most of the Hollywood stars support the liberals and hate Donald Trump. Even before he took the office, it was more than obvious, as some even said that they will leave the country rather than have Donald Trump as a President. Just one of their hilarious acts.

And lately, they are threatening to make a “massive, all-around Hollywood strike” if President Donald Trump does not quit. They have described Hollywood as “the base of the entire modern American culture,” and claim to be representing “all of the humanity.”

It’s about time people understood that we’re the ones with the power and that the president is there to serve us, not the other way around, – stated a spokesperson.

We’re calling for a general strike that would include every single person involved in making motion pictures in Hollywood, starting with the actors and celebrities themselves and encompassing companies in charge of making props, movie memorabilia and even souvenir shops.

Rosie O’Donnell, Debra Messing, Ed Asner and Michael Shannon are among the most assertive people who are supporting the idea and calling the people to protest.

“No! In the Name of Humanity We Refuse to Accept a Fascist America!” reads a full-page ad placed in the New York Times on Wednesday by the group Refuse Racism. “Donald Trump, the President-elect, is assembling a regime of grave danger,” the ad says.

Millions of people in the US and around the world are filled with deep anxiety, fear, and disgust.Our anguish is right and just. our anger must now become massive resistance – before Donald Trump is inaugurated and has the full reins of power in his hands. 

UConservative informs that some of the celebrities are calling for an all-out strike.

Hollywood is, simply put, the base of the entire modern American culture. It is the foundation of the country, so to speak, the glue that’s holding it together. And think about what happens when you destroy the foundation of a house. It comes crashing down, right?

Well, that’s exactly what’s going to happen to America unless Donald Trump realizes how real the danger of that actually is, and chooses to step down as President of his own free will. And while we’re on the subject, between you and me – nobody wants Hollywood to stop doing its thing, but this is a necessary move.

Besides, it’s not like the billionaire-businessman-turned-president hasn’t ventured into movies in his day, right? So, he’ll understand firsthand what’s going to happen if Hollywood goes to strike. Without the work of Hollywood and the lifestyle promoted by it, there will literally be no more America to rule for Trump. So, in effect, it’s not us that are going to force Donald Trump to resign his office; it’s the people of America who are going to make him do it, because the God’s honest truth is – without Hollywood, there is no America. It’s like trying to run Nazi Germany without Hitler at the forefront – it just becomes pointless, –the spokesperson summed up.