TRUMP IS VINDICATED: RIGGED Poll Plans Found In Podesta Emails
http://dcgazette.com/2016/rigged-poll-plans-found-podesta-emails/

Donald Trump says that the election system is rigged.  Guess what.  He’s right.

In the battle for the mind of the American voter, not much is used more often than polls.  When building up a winner, it is vital to make it LOOK like one side or the other is winning.  No one wants to be associated with a loser, so part of the publicity strategy is to create the image that one side or the other is winning or losing.

In order to make it look like Democrats, in particular, are winning, the coalition of people that includes John Podesta and his tribe of Hillary Helpers came up with a way to make the polls, at least, appear to have their candidates up.  It’s called oversampling, and the method is used to plump up percentages.  From Zero Hedge via The Gateway Pundit.

“For all of you out there who still aren’t convinced that the polls are “adjusted”, we present to you the following Podesta email, leaked earlier today, that conveniently spells out, in detail, exactly how to “manufacture” the desired data. The email starts out with a request for recommendations on “oversamples for polling” in order to “maximize what we get out of our media polling.”

I also want to get your Atlas folks to recommend oversamples for our polling before we start in February. By market, regions, etc. I want to get this all compiled into one set of recommendations so we can maximize what we get out of our media polling….
That particular email is accompanied by a guide that tells of specific over sampling strategies PER STATE.  For example, in Florida, sampling first happens in Orlando and Tampa where the people are more friendly to Democrats.  Arizona oversamples with Hispanics.  The idea is to make the candidate more popular than he or she really is.

Reverse strategies are used to bring down the opponent.  Sneaky, huh?

The Podesta emails have been a revelation, but also have proven so many people correct when we looked at the polls and then empirical evidence in the way of crowd size and concluded that there was no way they could both be right.  The battle is on for your mind, and polls are being used as a weapon in that war.  Don’t fall for it.