Clinton Green Screen Again In NC – Points, Waves To Blank Wall, Not On Cell Phones
http://dcgazette.com/2016/clinton-green-screen-nc-points-waves-blank-wall-not-cell-phones/

Since Hillary Clinton is at risk of a campaign-ending health issue manifesting itself in public every time she gets out of her safe-space, the cocoon of her Secret Service and the van she’s hauled around in, she’s taking precautions. Just as she did in Reno a couple of weeks ago, Clinton has enlisted the use of a green screen to fake the appearance of a crowd and the different backgrounds of a highly manipulated “manifestation.”

Her natural instincts lean towards deception so for her there are no integrity issues to contend with, just the usual ones of not getting caught in the middle of a lie, or having another couple of lies prepared for when the first ones are discovered.

Her audience, wherever they are, are not in the same location as the liar who wants to be president. Just as in Reno, it’s clear that the displays on the cell phone screens do not depict the same background or the candidate as she passes in front of them.

There is that old adage about vampires or witches not showing up in mirrors. Perhaps since Mrs. Clinton is both she’s having that same effect on cell phone displays. That doesn’t explain her strange behavior, turning around an waving to a blank wall, now adorned with the familiar red and white vertical stripes. She even does one of the convulsion-evoking open-mouthed points that both her and her husband regularly perform as a way of recognizing the adoring peasants in attendance.

The wall probably wasn’t too impressed with the recognition it got. Clinton clearly didn’t understand where the fake audience was going to be later inserted and she couldn’t just be cropped out. People might think she had collapsed or had one of her coughing fits. They left it in and it was noticed.

She’s going to discovered no matter how she tries to hide it, what type of deception she tries to employee. Although there aren’t many folks attending her rallies, thankfully the ones that do, or the ones that are made to appear that they do, brought their cell phones.

Look for future fabricated events to be “phone-free,” for the safety of the audience, or whatever kind of justification they come up with to protect their flawed candidate from exposure. Maybe phones are a source of dehydration now, can’t have them around this frail little jewel, can we?