Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor
http://www.naturalnews.com/055254_Hillary_Clinton_walking_dead_medical_event.html

(NaturalNews) Hillary Clinton's deplorable health may be far worse than we're being told. A shocking new video shows her legs collapsing out from under her while she is held up by strong-armed security men, then stumbling off the curb and collapsing face first into a waiting van.

That video, shown at this Youtube link, reveals Clinton to be the "walking dead," as if she's going to literally collapse and expire at any moment.

The same shocking event was captured in another video from a different angle. Click here to view the second video (17 seconds). As you can see from this video, her Secret Service agents are primarily working to block any video recording of Hillary's disastrous (deplorable?) health status. They are now "human shields" against videography.

As is now obvious to any intelligent person, Hillary's health concerns are far, far worse than anything reported in the mainstream media. It now looks like Clinton is very, very sick and possibly near death.

The videos shown below are stunning in what they depict: A corrupt, criminal tyrant who deeply desires power over others now unable to control her own body... wobbling, collapsing, stumbling, with head head bobbling to the side as if her neck is on a loose swivel... then collapsing face forward into the waiting van.

See the full videos here:


Subcortical Vascular Dementia

According to a self-proclaimed medical school professor in another video shown below, Hillary Clinton has a disease called Subcortical Vascular Dementia which usually gives patients just a 3-5 year life expectancy. She also just passed out at a memorial event, according to sources (see below), and had to be rushed for medical assistance.

Click here to watch the first video, which includes this text description:

Hillary Clinton might actually have 1 year to live based on medical records that were leaked indicating she has a disease called Subcortical Vascular Dementia. While many videos have been made about her health, all of them have missed the severity of her illness. She could die very soon, since Vascular Dementia is progressive and has a 3-5 year life expectancy. Clinton actually has a severe form of the disease that impacts the subcortex region of the brain, which includes the brainstem. This might explain why Clinton is dry-coughing so much. The brainstem controls primitive functions of the body like breathing, heart rate, and blood pressure. When there is ischemia to this region, B/P, HR, and breathing won't function correctly. Hillary's cough is so noticeable because she can't seem to get over it. Most people only need a couple of coughs and they are able to overcome what is in their throat. But not Hillary. Hillary has tried to explain that she has an "allergic cough." This is completely false and a lie. Based on her medical records, it is related to her Vascular Dementia, which she is dying of. She could rapidly decline if circulation is weak to the brainstem. 

Hillary's health record also states that she has "complex partial seizures." I have witnessed many people who have had seizures, and I believe Hillary is definitely showing signs of seizing activity. With complex partial seizures, one can show signs such as head nodding or lip smacking. Hillary, has had several instances where she appears to have had a seizure, the most well-known is when she was in front of a group of reporters. External, noxious stimuli can trigger seizing in certain individuals. Hillary had a seizure in front of the reporters. Not unsurprisingly, they are trying to control her seizures using a Diazepam autoinjector. Autoinjectors are used with urgent drugs such as Diazepam and Epinephrine in order to stop an life-threatening event from happening. If Hillary has seizures, they could cause an oxygen deficiency in the brain, resulting in damage and further progression of her VaD. An autoinjector is needed to control the seizure.


Doctor says Hillary Clinton appears to have Parkinson's

In this video interview on Next News Network, Dr. Ted Noel explains to Gary Franchi that Hillary Clinton has a disease which disqualifies her from holding public office.

From the description:

Through Dr. Noel's astute observations, and relying on over 30 years in the medical field, he has concluded that Hillary Clinton is exhibiting the classic signs that point to Parkinson's Disease. He has decided to go public with his findings and appears on the Next News Network to deliver you the truth, being kept from the public, about a diagnosis that will keep her out of the Oval Office.


Secret Service agent confirms Hillary Clinton's serious disease status

In this third video, Dr. Ted Noel details even more revelations about Hillary Clinton losing consciousness during public speaking events and even a U.S. Secret Service agent confirming the seriousness of her disease.

What's astonishing is how serious neurological coughing fits, public fainting and obvious public seizures are being dismissed by the complicit mainstream media as "allergies" or even "conspiracy theories."

This video by Dr. Ted Noel is the best summary yet of Hillary Clinton's serious neurological disease status.


Hillary's motorcade includes a private ambulance, gurney and EMT rescue workers wearing bulletproof vests

Finally, this video from Infowars reveals video proof of bulletproof vest-wearing EMT workers with a gurney and an ambulance as part of Hillary Clinton's motorcade.

From the video description:

Infowars reporter, Millie Weaver broke the story that Hillary Clinton has a personal medical crew that rolls a gurney up to the backstage area where she holds cough-filled rallies. The video shown is from her infamous "Coughing Cleveland" rally held over Memorial Day weekend.

This video shows Hillary Clinton's motorcade arriving and leaving with an ambulance. Donald Trump's motorcade arrives without an ambulance. This obviously debunks the straw man argument that all presidential candidates have an ambulance in their motorcade.


Hillary Clinton passes out at memorial event, has to be rushed to medical assistance

On top of all this, "Hillary Clinton had a 'medical episode' that required her to leave a 9/11 commemoration ceremony early on Sunday," reports Fox News:

The Democratic presidential nominee appeared to faint on her way into her van and had to be helped by her security, the source said. She was "clearly having some type of medical episode." ... But a witness told Fox News that Clinton stumbled off the curb, her "knees buckled" and she lost a shoe as she was helped into a van during her "unexpected early departure." ... An unverified video of the episode appeared to show Clinton collapsing as she was helped into the van.

That video is the one shown at the top of this article.

Bottom line: Hillary Clinton might croak before election day... or shortly thereafter

It's not just that Hillary Clinton is a lying traitor and "political criminal" who has sold out America to the highest bidder -- see The Clinton Files white paper on NewsTarget.com -- it's also that Hillary Clinton is obviously and irrefutably unfit for duty.

If any Republican showed all these symptoms, the entire leftist media would be demanding they step aside for health reasons. Yet Hillary's very obvious seizures and neurological fits are beyond alarming... they are clear signs that Hillary Clinton is neurologically unfit to serve as President of the United States.
