Thanks To President Trump Radical Islamists Will No Longer Be Operating Jihad Training Sites in America
http://patriothangout.com/thanks-president-trump-radical-islamists-will-no-longer-operating-jihad-training-sites-america/
ELDER PATRIOT – President Trump has stepped up the pressure on radical Islamists operating inside the United States and it’s started paying off. More than two years ago Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst for the Clarion Project appeared with Bill O’Reilly to discuss the growing jihadist threat inside the United States. Mauro had focused his comments on five organizations that have links to Islamic extremists that have established military style training bases inside our country with the plan to unleash Jihad against America.  One such training camp is located 145 northwest of New York City in Islamberg a secluded community outside the town of Hancock, NY.  Islamberg is the home to Sufi cleric Sheikh Syed Mubarik Ali Shah Gilani and an unknown number of radical followers. Naturally, Mauro was discredited by the MSM for reporting on this. Two and a half years later we have learned that a raid on the compound conducted by NY State authorities uncovered a sizable cache of weapons in a storage locker belonging to Ramadan Abdullah that included: 8 assault weapons 4 loaded handguns 1 loaded shotgun 2 rifles 64 high-capacity ammunition feeding devices flak jackets 1,000s of rounds of ammunition, including .50-caliber armor-piercing rounds 64-year old Ramadan Abdullah, a long-time associate of a U.S.-based Islamist terrorist organization, Muslims of America (MOA), and a ranking member of the Islamberg cult was arrested and a search of his past revealed: He was previously arrested in 1977 when he tried to rob a store A man was murdered during the robbery A search of his home uncovered enough materials to build 50 bombs Before the raid on Abdullah’s storage locker in July he was arrested trying to steal four boxes of ammunition from a local store. All of this led police to begin searches of other locations that Abdullah often visited.  These searches turned up loaded handguns, more high-capacity ammunition feeding devices and ammunition. While New York State Police Major Jim Barnes said, “There’s no indication there was a plan in place to commit an act of violence,” he did confirm that police believe Abdullah had made trips overseas. During that 2015 interview Mauro had shown O’Reilly a video given to him by a law enforcement source that shows members marching with rifles in apparent guerilla warfare training. Mauro also identified: The Dar-al Hijrah mosque in the Seven Corners section of Falls Church, Va., that was once led by Anwar al-Awlaki, the al Qaeda al-Awlaki. The mosque, near Washington, D.C., is now led by an imam who said, “Muslims shall be first in line for the arms for jihad.” The Masjid At Taqwa mosque in Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn The Islamic Circle of North America, a radical group that is legitimized by only 2 percent of American Muslims that has its headquarters a few miles from Masjid At Taqwa in Queens, New York. CAIR, or the Council on American-Islamic Relations. The US Department of Justice has classified CAIR as a ‘political influence organization of the Muslim brotherhood’. Yet nothing was done to check this radical Islamic threat until earlier this month.  Somehow I’m led to conclude that as long as Obama was president nothing would ever be done to protect us from Islamic extremism. Or, maybe it was just Jim Comey’s worthless direction of the F.B.I. that let these groups operate with impunity. Thank God for Donald Trump.

