DEMOCRAT GOVERNOR & CLINTON INSIDER BUSTED Trying To COVER UP MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD … TRUMP WAS RIGHT
http://patriothangout.com/ider-bkkked-0/
Democrats love voters.

All voters. White ones, brown ones, boy ones, girl ones … even illegal ones.

And if you’re illegal and brown, why, they might even throw a parade for you.

They claim that “voter fraud” is non-existent, but maybe that’s because leftists do such a good job hiding it.

Like in Virginia, when state officials tried to hide decades of voter fraud in their state – where foreign nationals, illegal immigrants, and others were casting ballots in elections for decades.
A new report released by the Public Interest Legal Foundation (PILF) showed there were more than 5,000 “noncitizens” who were registered to vote and were bumped from the voter rolls.

Here’s the kicker: Those 5,000 were only pulled from the rolls because they self-reported that they shouldn’t be voting, The Washington Times reports.

Starting with Gov. Terry McAuliffe, officials desperately tried to hide the fraud.

“At the instruction of Governor McAuliffe’s political appointees, local election officials spent countless resources to prevent this information from spilling into the open,” PILF President J. Christian Adams said in a statement releasing the report. “From NoVa to Norfolk and all urban and rural points in between, alien voters are casting ballots with practically no legal consequences in response.”

This is just one issue that is likely to come up as President Trump’s voter integrity commission investigates the elections process and finding out how people who shouldn’t vote do and people who want to vote can’t.

President Donald Trump singled Virginia out as a locus of massive voter fraud after last year’s election. In late November, explaining his shortfall in the national popular vote, Mr. Trump said there was “serious” fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California. 

He didn’t give specific evidence, but attributed a lack of attention to the issue to “serious bias” in the press.

“Big problem!” Mr. Trump said on Twitter.

Edgardo Cortes, Virginia’s elections commissioner, said at the time said there were no indications of fraud, saying that the ballots cast were counted properly.

But Mr. Trump’s contention is not that valid votes weren’t cast. He says, rather, that millions of ineligible voters are being allowed to vote.