LIBERALS AT WORK: CALIFORNIA JUST LEGALIZED CHILD PROSTITUTION
https://downtrend.com/71superb/liberals-at-work-california-just-legalized-child-prostitution
This is absolutely astounding. The liberal numbnuts who run the State of California just decriminalized child prostitution. There is no misinterpretation of what they’ve done here. It is no longer illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to engage in prostitution or to solicit money for sex. Like I said, kids in California are now able to legally work as prostitutes.

CBS Sacramento reports that space cadet Governor Jerry Brown signed SB1322 into law on Tuesday. Among other things, this bill exempts minors from the current California prostitution laws. In other words, a person under the age of 18 can no longer be arrested for violating prostitution laws that apply to adults.

I was thinking that maybe the news was reporting this wrong or perhaps they were leaving some stuff out that makes this sound less terrible than it is, but I read the actual wording of the bill and this is what is says:

Existing law makes it a crime to solicit or engage in any act of prostitution. Existing law makes it a crime to loiter in any public place with the intent to commit prostitution. This bill would make the above provisions inapplicable to a child under 18 years of age who is alleged to have engaged in conduct that would, if committed by an adult, violate the above provisions.

If a child or teen can’t be arrested for prostitution, then that means underage prostitution is now legal in the state. I don’t see any other way to look at this insanity. Presumably it is still illegal for an adult to patronize a child prostitute, but from the kids’ perspective it is all good. Also presumably, a person under the age of 18 could pay to have sex with another person under the age of 18 and that would be completely legal in the Golden State.

The law doesn’t put any kind of an age limit for minors so a 6-year-old can now legally work the streets.

From what I understand the purpose of this law is to remove the stigma of prostitution related convictions for minors who were forced into the sex trade. It may actually achieve that, but it certainly doesn’t deter kids from getting into the game. Decriminalizing prostitution for minors sends a very bad message that some kids are going to pick up on.

Interestingly enough, Gov. Brown vetoed another bill that would provide aide to victims of sex trade human trafficking. Basically he just said “F*ck you kids, if you want money get out on the street and earn it yourselves.

Is this what they mean when they talk about “progressive” leadership? I guess technically this law creates jobs and will probably generate more tourism for the state. Still, I feel like there is a less morally reprehensible way to do this.

So just when you thought California couldn’t be any more of an insane asylum, they go ahead and legalize child prostitution. I have no more words for this.