Intel Institute: Melania Trump has the highest IQ of any First Lady in American History
http://prntly.com/2017/01/24/intel-institute-melania-trump-has-the-highest-iq-of-any-first-lady-in-american-history/
Melania Trump, the beautiful wife of President Trump, isn’t just a beautiful model that is a great role model to young women, but she is also the smartest. Melania Trump speaks a shocking 5 languages. That’s 4 more than Michelle Obama, and 2 more than Jacky Kennedy, who used her knowledge of French and Italian to help JFK negotiate with leaders across the Globe. Melania knows Serbian, Slovenian, German, French, and English. She knows a bit of a lot of different languages. She grew up in communist Yugoslavia and speaks five languages. Slovene, English, French, Serbian and German, if you want to know. That linguistic prowess could come in handy at White House functions, but it has been suggested her thick accent is the reason she makes few public speeches alongside her immigrant-bashing husband. Melania was raised away from the glamour of New York high society in a concrete tower block in then Yugoslavia during the rule of Marshal Josip Tito. Now that her husband has become president, Melania is the first first lady to be born in a communist nation and only the second to be born abroad, after Louisa Adams, the English wife of sixth president John Quincy, who served from 1825 to 1829. Melania’s home country appears to believe her rise to the White House could be an opportunity to increase its own standing in the world. Tiny Slovenia, with its population of two million, has positioned itself as a possible mediator between the US and Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin, who rarely makes trips to western states, has visited Slovenia twice and the two nations have a comfortable relationship with one another. Prime Minister Miro Cerar told the Associated Press last year: “If the United States and Russia give some initiative in this way, Slovenia could become a bridge between the two powers. Donald’s apparent soft spot for Russia may mean Slovenia’s services are not required. However, Cerar said he had spoken to Melania in a phone call following the Trump election victory, both chatting in their native tongue. Intel scholars have proven her IQ is the highest based on her self made fortune and her knowledge of many languages. She’s also the best looking first lady in history.