‘DRUG HOLIDAY’: REASON WHY HILLARY ALWAYS DISAPPEAR FOR DAYS BEFORE DEBATE- ‘DRUG HOLIDAY’ IS PRESCRIPED FOR PATIENTS WITH PARKINSON’S DISEASE
https://70news.wordpress.com/2016/10/21/drug-holiday-reason-why-hillary-always-disappear-for-days-before-debate-drug-holiday-is-prescriped-for-patients-with-parkinsons-disease/

“A ‘drug holiday’ is often prescribed for Parkinson’s disease patients,” Noel said. “The problem is that Parkinson’s patients need increased doses of their medication as the disease progresses.”
 

After the final debate, Hillary Clinton jokes about ‘no more naps’ but we still wonder why she goes missing-in-action for days before every debate.

According to WND,   Dr. Theodore “Ted” Noel had a theory: Clinton’s doctors were giving her a “drug holiday.”

Hillary is the only presidential candidate in history with a campaign strategy of now-you-see-me-now-you-don’t and leave the campaign task to her liberal media. Dr. Noel, who believes Hillary has Parkinson’s disease, suggested that gaps in Hillary Clinton’s public schedule could be due to making sure her medications for Parkinson’s remain effective.

“A ‘drug holiday’ is often prescribed for Parkinson’s disease patients,” Noel said. “The problem is that Parkinson’s patients need increased doses of their medication as the disease progresses.”

The drug holiday would “allow her physicians to get her drug-free for a while, so she can be on lower doses when the drugs are restarted.”

“She needs to be able to come on stage appearing to walk and smile normally,”

The doctor has made videos in which he has claimed that Clinton has displayed Parkinson’s symptoms.

“In Parkinson’s disease, the drug dosing is a problem,” Noel explained in one of his videos.

“Hillary, if she is going to be out in public for a debate, needs her drugs to last for something like two-and-a-half hours,” he added.

“If you stop taking your drugs for a period of time, and then restart them, the drugs will last quite a bit longer. Unfortunately, this is a controversial practice because it can have some serious consequences. But it seems like a realistic possibility, because most of the time in the debate Hillary was able to keep people from seeing any real signs.’’

