President Obama Declares September National Muslim Appreciation Month
http://cnn.com.de/news/obama-declares-september-national-muslim-appreciation-month/

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) — President Barack Obama held a press conference today to announce that the month of September will now and forever be known as  ‘National Muslim Appreciation Month’.

“The Muslim community deserves our full respect and acceptance,” Obama told reporters. “It has been 15 years since the September 11th attacks, and as a nation, it is time that we move on, that we move forward. This month is not just about what happened to us, it is about what we did to an entire group of people. We have killed millions of Muslims overseas since that horrible day back in 2001, and they are not all bad people or terrorists. In fact most of them are good, hardworking people, just like you and me. So from now on, September will be a month to celebrate the Muslim community, the Sunnah and the Quran.”

Khaled Matei who is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood‘s Freedom and Justice Party told CNN he is pleased with Obama and his actions.

“I spoke with President Obama by telephone yesterday and personally thanked him for what he is doing for the Muslim community,” Matei said. “This is definitely a step in the right direction I explained to him. Praise Allah.”

Obama informed reporters about his future plans for helping Muslims around the world.

“I will be working with Congress to make it easier for Muslims to earn a Green Card and achieve American citizenship,” Obama said. “Currently as it stands, obtaining a Visa or Green Card for a Muslim is very difficult. There are too many background checks in place and I plan to fix that.” Obama continued, “Muslims are hardworking people who are just looking to live the American Dream like the rest of us. Mr. Matei of the Muslim Brotherhood assured me they want to come to this country to help us, not harm us.”

Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Obama Administration gave CNN details about the new holiday.

“‘National Muslim Appreciation Month’ will be a federal holiday which entitles all Muslims in the United States a day off of work or school every 3rd Friday in the month of September. I feel this is the least we can do for them considering all of their trials and tribulations.”

Obama finished the press conference by explaining to reporters how happy he is with America.

“Folks, there is no way we could have had a ‘National Muslim Appreciation Month’ 20 years ago. That really says a lot about the growth and progress of this great country. You should all be proud of yourselves.”

For any comments or questions please contact the 24-hour ‘National Muslim Appreciation Month’ Hotline at (785) 273-0325.