Kim Jung Un Bows Down To President Trump
http://www.dailyinsidernews.com/military/kim-jong-un-bows/
Kim Jong Un is the 33-year-old leader of North Korea who is threatening any and all nonallied countries with nuclear weapons. First North Korea decided to threaten South Korea and America with an intercontinental ballistic missile, and then they did the same to Guam.

Liberals have been calling Donald Trump’s approach to the situation suicidal and dangerous for American citizens but apparently, they are wrong as usual. Kim Jong Un decided to heed Trump’s warning and back down in his nuclear quest against Guam.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un decided Tuesday not to fire ballistic missiles at Guam, reserving the right to change his mind if “the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions,” according to North Korean state media.

Kim appears to be attempting to de-escalate tensions to prevent conflict between the U.S. and North Korea. After the U.N. Security Council approved tougher sanctions against North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests, the North warned Wednesday that it was considering launching a salvo of ballistic missiles into waters around Guam in a show of force demonstrating an ability to surround the island with “enveloping fire.” That same day, President Donald Trump stressed that North Korean threats will be met with “fire and fury like nothing the world has ever seen.” For a week, the two sides hurled threats and warnings at each other repeatedly, leading some observers to conclude that the two sides were close to nuclear war.
 
But, Kim blinked.

Kim, according to North Korean state media, told the North Korean strategic rocket force that he “would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees,” giving the U.S. time to reassess the situation. “He said that he wants to advise the U.S. to take into full account gains and losses with clear head whether the prevailing situation is more unfavorable for any party.”

“In order to defuse the tensions and prevent the dangerous military conflict on the Korean peninsula, it is necessary for the U.S. to make a proper option first and show it through action,” North Korean state media explained Tuesday. “The U.S. should stop at once arrogant provocations against the DPRK and unilateral demands and not provoke it any longer,” it added. North Korea often presents the cessation of hostilities against it as the terms for de-escalation.