BREAKING STUDY PROVES TRUMP WAS RIGHT … EVERY CITIZEN VOTER Has Been BETRAYED!
http://president45donaldtrump.com/breaking-study-proves-trump-right-every-citizen-voter-betrayed/
Results from a new study concluded that millions of non-citizens could have voted in the 2008 presidential election, suggesting that President Donald Trump’s claim that more than 3 million illegal alien voters cost him the popular vote in November might be accurate. After reviewing post-election polling data, New Jersey research group Just Facts announced that the number of non-citizens voting illegally is considerably more than previous estimates, the Washington Times reported. In fact, as many as 5.7 million non-citizens may have voted in the 2008 election that gave Barack Obama his first term in the White House. Just Facts, a non-profit research and educational institute, estimated that as many as 7.9 million non-citizens illegally registered in 2008 and somewhere between 594,000 to 5.7 million actually voted in that year’s presidential election. So much for Democrats’ claim that voter fraud doesn’t exist. Oddly enough, these numbers are in line with Trump’s claim about what might have happened in 2016. Trump, who faced merciless ridicule for his claim that millions of illegal-alien voters cost him the nationwide popular vote last November, might have been closer to the truth that even he realized. If it turns out that Trump was right, then what we have at the heart of this study is the betrayal of every American voter. Because every vote cast illegally can nullify a vote cast by an American citizen, and dilute the entire electoral process. A system that allows it is betraying American democracy, and every voter should be furious about it. In May, Trump signed an executive order that established a commission to investigate voter fraud. The Presidential Commission on Election Integrity will review Trump’s allegations as well as “systemic issues that have been raised over many years in terms of the integrity of the elections.” There’s no telling what the commission will find, but if it reports that our voting system is indeed as broken as these numbers suggest, then we need to know so we can begin the process of fixing it.