Obama Had A Remote Hacking Base In Germany

President Donald Trump promised Americans that he will solve every problem. Our country was stuck int he middle of nowhere, and Barack Obama didn’t even move a finger to
improve it. The former president had other things on his mind,
but luckily he is no longer responsible for our country. But, he
won’t get away with the things he did in the past eight years.
People are still talking about Obama’s wiretapping scandal.
The former president set up an entire network with the
ultimate goal to “catch a few big bugs.” He wiretapped Trump
Tower and pretty much every location President Trump goes
to. But, President Trump wasn’t the only person Obama
targeted. We still don’t know the exact number of Obama’s
“victims,” but it’s more than clear that President Trump was
his main target.

Obama used the help of his staffers and several major
institutions to play his little spy game. The world learned about
this, and Obama was caught in one of the biggest scandals ever.
Democrats came up with the worst excuse ever and said that
Obama only targeted people who seemed to be “dangerous”
during the presidential elections.

The former president is out of the Oval Of??ce, and he may face
a lawsuit for his illegal actions. Guess what… The wiretapping isn't the only thing that worries Obama at the moment. WikiLeaks confirmed that Obama spied on several foreign
countries, including Germany.

The CIA even used the German facility of Frankfurt to set up its
hacking base. WikiLeaks released documents according to
which Frankfurt was the remote base for Obama’s spying.

So, Obama won’t get away with this that easily. He has to bear
the consequences of his actions, and the clock has started
ticking. We can only hope that justice will ??nd its way out.
Americans will never forget the terrible things that happened
under Obama. It’s time for something good to happen.

What do you think about the latest information on Obama’s
spying? Do you think Obama could end up in jail for spying on
foreign countries? How will the whole spy game end?