People who have been added to the list since a tape of Mr. Trump making vulgar remarks surfaced.
Kelly Ayotte, Senator of New Hampshire
William Bennett, Former secretary of education under Ronald Reagan
Robert Bentley, Governor of Alabama
Jaime Herrera Beutler, Representative of Washington
Bradley Byrne, Representative of Alabama
Jason Chaffetz, Representative of Utah
Mike Coffman, Representative of Colorado
Barbara Comstock, Representative of Virginia
Michael D. Crapo, Senator of Idaho
Dennis Daugaard, Governor of South Dakota
Rodney Davis, Representative of Illinois
Carly Fiorina, Former chief executive of Hewlett-Packard and candidate for Republican nomination
Deb Fischer, Senator of Nebraska
Jeff Flake, Senator of Arizona
Jeff Fortenberry, Representative of Nebraska
Darryl Glenn, Running for Senate from Colorado
Cory Gardner, Senator of Colorado
Scott Garrett, Representative of New Jersey
Kay Granger, Representative of Texas
Cresent Hardy, Representative of Nevada
Bill Haslam, Governor of Tennessee
Joe Heck, Representative of Nevada, running for Senate
Gary R. Herbert, Governor of Utah
Jon M. Huntsman Jr., Former governor of Utah
Will Hurd, Representative of Texas
David Jolly, Representative of Florida
John Kasich, Governor of Ohio
John Katko, Representative of New York
Steve Knight, Representative of California
Mike Lee, Senator of Utah
Frank A. LoBiondo, Representative of New Jersey
Mia Love, Representative of Utah
Susana Martinez, Governor of New Mexico
John McCain, Senator of Arizona
Patrick Meehan, Representative of Pennsylvania
Lisa Murkowski, Senator of Alaska
George E. Pataki, Former governor of New York
Erik Paulsen, Representative of Minnesota
Tim Pawlenty, Former governor of Minnesota
Rob Portman, Senator of Ohio
Condoleezza Rice, Former secretary of state under George W. Bush
Martha Roby, Represenative of Alabama
Tom Rooney, Representative of Florida
Brian Sandoval, Governor of Nevada
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Former governor of California
Mike Simpson, Representative of Idaho
Chris Stewart, Representative of Utah
Dan Sullivan, Senator of Alaska
John Thune, Senator of South Dakota and chairman of the Republican Conference
Fred Upton, Representative of Michigan
Ann Wagner, Representative of Missouri
What Trump SaidWhen They Walked
June 16, 2015
Mr. Trump announces candidacy
“They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists.”
On undocumented immigrants from Mexico.
July 18, 2015
“He’s not a war hero. He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured.”
On Senator John McCain of Arizona, a former prisoner of war.
Sept. 15, 2015
Club for Growth, a conservative organization, announces an ad campaign to discredit Mr. Trump.
Nov. 12, 2015
“I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me.”
Nov. 13, 2015
Paris attacks
Nov. 24, 2015
“Now this poor guy, you ought to see this guy.”
Mr. Trump jerked his arms around in front of his body and used a mocking tone to imitate a disabled New York Times reporter.
Dec. 2, 2015
San Bernardino attack
Dec. 7, 2015
“Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.”
Dec. 8, 2015

Tom Ridge
Former secretary of Homeland Security and governor of Pennsylvania
Dec. 11, 2015
Representative Reid Ribble of Wisconsin says he will not support Mr. Trump if he is the Republican nominee.

Mr. Ribble
Dec. 16, 2015
“Trump ... is employing the kind of hateful rhetoric and exploiting the insecurities of this nation, in much the same way that allowed Hitler and Mussolini to rise to power in the lead-up to World War II.”

Christine Todd Whitman
Former governor of New Jersey
Dec. 18, 2015
“When people call you brilliant, it’s always good, especially when the person heads up Russia.”
Dec. 22, 2015

Robert J. Dold
Representative of Illinois
Jan. 14, 2016

Peter Wehner
Former official in the Reagan and both Bush administrations
Jan. 22, 2016
National Review, a conservative magazine founded by William F. Buckley, publishes a series of essays by 22 prominent conservatives, including the radio hosts Glenn Beck and Erick Erickson, denouncing Mr. Trump's candidacy.
“Donald Trump is a menace to American conservatism who would take the work of generations and trample it underfoot on behalf of a populism as heedless and crude as The Donald himself.”
Feb. 1, 2016
“So if you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you?”
Feb. 6, 2016
“I would bring back waterboarding, and I’d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.”
Feb. 23, 2016

Carlos Curbelo
Representative of Florida
Feb. 25, 2016

Justin Amash
Representative of Michigan
Feb. 28, 2016
“I don’t know anything about David Duke. O.K.? I don’t know anything about what you’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists.”
Mr. Trump later blamed a bad earpiece for declining to disavow support from the former Ku Klux Klan leader in the CNN interview.
“A presidential candidate who boasts about what he’ll do during his ‘reign’ and refuses to condemn the K.K.K. cannot lead a conservative movement in America.”

Ben Sasse
Senator of Nebraska
Feb. 29, 2016

Paul D. Wolfowitz
Former deputy defense secretary

Ken Mehlman
Former White House political director and Republican National Committee chairman

Mel Martinez
Former Florida senator and R.N.C. chairman
March 1, 2016

Scott Rigell
Representative of Virginia
March 2, 2016

Charlie Baker
Governor of Massachusetts
More than 100 Republican national security leaders, many of them former Republican administration officials, sign a letter stating they are “unable to support a party ticket with Mr. Trump at its head.”

Robert D. Blackwill
Former top Iraq adviser on the National Security Council

Eliot A. Cohen
Former State Department counselor

Michael Chertoff
Former secretary of Homeland Security

Patrick M. Cronin
Former assistant administrator of the Agency for International Development

Eric S. Edelman
Former national security adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney

Jim Kolbe
Former representative of Arizona

Gus Coldebella
Former acting general counsel at the Department of Homeland Security

Chester A. Crocker
Assistant secretary of state for African affairs in the Reagan administration

Richard A. Falkenrath
Former deputy homeland security adviser to President George W. Bush

Peter Feaver
National security official in the George W. Bush administration

Richard Fontaine
Former State Department and National Security Council official

Myriah Jordan
Former special assistant to President George W. Bush

Frances Townsend
Former deputy national security adviser under President George W. Bush

Francis Q. Hoang
Former associate counsel to President George W. Bush

Aaron Friedberg
Former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney

Kenneth Adelman
Former director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

Frank Lavin
Under secretary of commerce for President George W. Bush; political director in the Reagan White House

Mary Beth Long
Former assistant secretary of defense

James K. Glassman
Former under secretary of state

Richard Miles
Former director for North America, National Security Council

Andrew S. Natsios
Former administrator of the Agency for International Development

Nicholas Rostow
Former legal adviser to the National Security Council

Kori Schake
Former director of defense strategy at the National Security Council

Kristen Silverberg
Former assistant secretary of state

William H. Tobey
Former deputy administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration

Dov S. Zakheim
Former under secretary of defense

Robert B. Zoellick
Former United States trade representative

Philip D. Zelikow
Former counselor of the State Department

David Gordon
Former director of policy planning at the State Department

Paul Haenle
Former director for China and Taiwan, National Security Council

William Inboden
Former strategic adviser at the National Security Council

David Kramer
Former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor

Robert G. Joseph
Former under secretary of state for arms control and international security affairs

Scott W. Muller
Former C.I.A. general counsel

Stephen D. Krasner
Former policy planning director at the State Department

Roger F. Noriega
Former assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs

Roger Zakheim
Former deputy assistant secretary of defense

Paul D. Miller
Former director for Afghanistan and Pakistan, National Security Council
March 3, 2016
“Look at those hands, are they small hands? And, he referred to my hands — ‘If they’re small, something else must be small.’ I guarantee you there’s no problem. I guarantee.”
“He has neither the temperament nor the judgment to be president.”

Mitt Romney
Republican presidential nominee in 2012 and a former governor of Massachusetts

Norm Coleman
Former senator of Minnesota
March 9, 2016

Richard Hanna
Representative of New York
In August, Mr. Hanna became the first Republican member of Congress to announce that he would vote for Hillary Clinton.
March 14, 2016

Douglas J. Feith
Under secretary of defense for policy
March 15, 2016

Mickey Edwards
Former representative of Oklahoma
March 16, 2016

Rudy Fernandez
Former special assistant to President George W. Bush
March 23, 2016
“The images are worth a thousand words.”
A Twitter post with an unflattering image of Senator Ted Cruz's wife, Heidi, next to a glamour shot of Mr. Trump's wife, Melania.
March 24, 2016

Larry Hogan
Governor of Maryland
May 3, 2016
Mr. Trump becomes presumptive nominee
May 6, 2016

Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Representative of Florida

Jeb Bush
Former presidential candidate and governor of Florida

Lindsey Graham
Senator of South Carolina
May 10, 2016

Bob Inglis
Former representative of South Carolina
“He’s insulted me, the people I love, the community I represent.”

Rosario Marin
U.S. Treasurer under George W. Bush
June 5, 2016
“I’ve been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I’m building a wall, O.K.? I’m building a wall.”
On Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, a federal judge overseeing a suit against the defunct Trump University.
June 7, 2016
“I find Donald Trump’s belief that an American-born judge of Mexican descent is incapable of fairly presiding over his case is not only dead wrong, it is un-American.”

Mark S. Kirk
Senator of Illinois
“Just when you think he can’t dig a hole deeper, he accuses a Mexican judge of not being competent to rule on the case.”

Christopher Shays
Former representative of Connecticut
June 8, 2016

Tom Campbell
Former representative of California
June 12, 2016
Orlando shooting
June 14, 2016
“President Obama claims to know our enemy, and yet he continues to prioritize our enemy over our allies and, for that matter, the American people. When I am president, it will always be America first.”
June 15, 2016

Arne Carlson
Former governor of Minnesota
June 16, 2016

Richard L. Armitage
Former deputy secretary of state
June 22, 2016

Brent Scowcroft
National security adviser to Presidents Gerald R. Ford and George Bush
June 24, 2016
“The G.O.P., in putting Trump at the top of the ticket, is endorsing a brand of populism rooted in ignorance, prejudice, fear and isolationism.”

Henry M. Paulson Jr.
Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush
July 1, 2016

Marc F. Racicot
Former governor of Montana and R.N.C. chairman
July 20, 2016
“If we cannot be properly reimbursed for the tremendous cost of our military protecting other countries . . . then yes, I would be absolutely prepared to tell those countries, ‘Congratulations, you will be defending yourself.’”
July 27, 2016
“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.”
An apparent reference to Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails.
July 30, 2016
“If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably — maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me.”
On the parents of a Muslim soldier killed in Iraq after they denounced Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention.
Aug. 2, 2016

Charlie Dent
Representative of Pennsylvania
Aug. 3, 2016
“Donald Trump is beginning to cross a lot of red lines of the unforgivable in politics.”

Adam Kinzinger
Representative of Illinois

Vin Weber
Former representative of Minnesota
Aug. 4, 2016
“I am ever more confirmed in my belief that Trump is a sociopath, without a conscience or feelings of guilt, shame or remorse.”

Gordon J. Humphrey
Former senator of New Hampshire
Aug. 8, 2016
“It is inconceivable that anyone, much less a presidential candidate, would attack two Gold Star parents. Rather than honoring their sacrifice and recognizing their pain, Mr. Trump disparaged the religion of the family of an American hero.”

Susan Collins
Senator of Maine

Lezlee Westine
Former director of the White House public liaison office under President George W. Bush

William G. Milliken
Former governor of Michigan
Fifty senior national security officials from Republican administrations, many who served under President George W. Bush, sign a letter declaring that Mr. Trump would put the country’s security at risk. Many also signed the March letter.

John D. Negroponte
Former director of national intelligence

Donald B. Ayer
Former deputy attorney general

John B. Bellinger III
Former legal adviser to State Department and National Security Council

Gary Edson
Former deputy national security adviser

Jendayi Frazer
Former special assistant to the president

Michael J. Green
Former special assistant to the president for national security affairs

Brian Gunderson
Former State Department chief of staff

Michael V. Hayden
Former C.I.A. director

Carla A. Hills
Former United States trade representative

John Hillen
Former assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs

Reuben Jeffery III
Former under secretary of state

James Jeffrey
Former deputy national security adviser

Ted Kassinger
Former deputy secretary of commerce

James Langdon
Former chairman, Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board

Peter Lichtenbaum
Former assistant secretary of commerce

Clay Lowery
Former assistant secretary of the Treasury

Robert McCallum
Former associate attorney general

Meghan O'Sullivan
Former deputy national security adviser

Dan Price
Former deputy national security adviser

Stephen Slick
Former senior director for intelligence programs

Shirin R. Tahir-Kheli
Former special assistant to the president

William H. Taft IV
Former deputy secretary of defense and ambassador to NATO

Larry D. Thompson
Former deputy attorney general

John Veroneau
Former deputy United States trade representative

Kenneth Wainstein
Former assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism

Matthew Waxman
Former deputy assistant secretary of defense
Aug. 9, 2016
“If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people — maybe there is, I don’t know.”

William D. Ruckelshaus
Former Environmental Protection Agency administrator

William K. Reilly
Former Environmental Protection Agency administrator
Aug. 10, 2016
“He’s the founder of ISIS. He’s the founder of ISIS. He’s the founder. He founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton.”

Fred T. Goldberg Jr.
I.R.S. commissioner under President George Bush

David Durenberger
Former senator of Minnesota
0

Connie Morella
Former representative of Maryland
Aug. 12, 2016

Robert Tuttle
Former ambassador to Britain under George W. Bush and special assistant to President Ronald Reagan for personnel
Aug. 14, 2016
“I haven’t heard an economic concept come out of Trump’s mouth except for protectionism and lower taxes. If you put those two together, that is a recipe for disaster.”

Carlos M. Gutierrez
President George W. Bush’s commerce secretary
Aug. 16, 2016

Tom Coleman
Former representative of Missouri
Aug. 31, 2016

Carlos Gimenez
Mayor of Miami-Dade
Sept. 2, 2016

Charles Fried
Solicitor general under President Ronald Reagan

Stuart Bernstein
Ambassador to Denmark under President George W. Bush
Sept. 28, 2016

John Warner
Former senator of Virginia
Sept. 29, 2016

Sherwood Boehlert
Former representative of New York

Claudine Schneider
Former representative of Rhode Island
Oct. 7, 2016
“I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything.”
Part of a 2005 recording that surfaced showing Mr. Trump speaking in extremely vulgar terms about pushing himself on women.
“I’m out. I can no longer in good conscience endorse this person for president. It is some of the most abhorrent and offensive comments that you can possibly imagine.”

Jason Chaffetz
Representative of Utah

Barbara Comstock
Representative of Virginia

Michael D. Crapo
Senator of Idaho

Gary R. Herbert
Governor of Utah

Mike Lee
Senator of Utah

George E. Pataki
Former governor of New York
Oct. 8, 2016
“I will not be voting for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and instead will be writing in Governor Pence for president on Election Day.”

Kelly Ayotte
Senator of New Hampshire
"He should step down."

William Bennett
Former secretary of education under Ronald Reagan

Robert Bentley
Governor of Alabama

Jaime Herrera Beutler
Representative of Washington

Bradley Byrne
Representative of Alabama

Mike Coffman
Representative of Colorado

Dennis Daugaard
Governor of South Dakota

Rodney Davis
Representative of Illinois

Carly Fiorina
Former chief executive of Hewlett-Packard and candidate for Republican nomination

Deb Fischer
Senator of Nebraska

Jeff Flake
Senator of Arizona

Jeff Fortenberry
Representative of Nebraska

Darryl Glenn
Running for Senate from Colorado

Cory Gardner
Senator of Colorado

Scott Garrett
Representative of New Jersey

Cresent Hardy
Representative of Nevada

Joe Heck
Representative of Nevada, running for Senate

Jon M. Huntsman Jr.
Former governor of Utah

Will Hurd
Representative of Texas

David Jolly
Representative of Florida
“I will not vote for a nominee who has behaved in a manner that reflects so poorly on our country. Our country deserves better.”

John Kasich
Governor of Ohio

John Katko
Representative of New York

Steve Knight
Representative of California

Frank A. LoBiondo
Representative of New Jersey

Mia Love
Representative of Utah

Susana Martinez
Governor of New Mexico
“Donald Trump’s behavior this week, concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts about sexual assaults, make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy.”

John McCain
Senator of Arizona

Patrick Meehan
Representative of Pennsylvania

Lisa Murkowski
Senator of Alaska

Erik Paulsen
Representative of Minnesota

Tim Pawlenty
Former governor of Minnesota

Rob Portman
Senator of Ohio

Condoleezza Rice
Former secretary of state under George W. Bush

Martha Roby
Represenative of Alabama

Tom Rooney
Representative of Florida
“This video exposed not just words, but now an established pattern which I find to be repulsive and unacceptable for a candidate for president of the United States. I cannot support him as my party’s nominee.”

Brian Sandoval
Governor of Nevada

Arnold Schwarzenegger
Former governor of California

Mike Simpson
Representative of Idaho

Chris Stewart
Representative of Utah

Dan Sullivan
Senator of Alaska
“Donald Trump should withdraw and Mike Pence should be our nominee effective immediately.”

John Thune
Senator of South Dakota and chairman of the Republican Conference

Fred Upton
Representative of Michigan

Ann Wagner
Representative of Missouri
Oct. 9, 2016

Kay Granger
Representative of Texas

Bill Haslam
Governor of Tennessee
This list includes current and former members of Congress, governors and high-level officials from Republican administrations.

Correction: August 30, 2016 
An earlier version of this graphic erroneously indicated that Marc F. Racicot is voting for Hillary Clinton. While Mr. Racicot has stated he is not voting for Donald J. Trump, he has not said he is voting for Mrs. Clinton.