Jennifer Aniston denies she had an affair with Matt LeBlanc

They had a steamy romance on screen.

But Jennifer Aniston has issued a denial, saying after the cameras stopped rolling, nothing ever happened between her and Friends co-star Matt LeBlanc.

Star magazine has reported that the father of the 48-year-old actor, Paul, alleged his son did have a romance with Jennifer, 46, while they starred on the show.

And the 73-year-old went on to say it is supposed to have happened while she was married to her former husband Brad Pitt.

Speaking from his home in Clearwater, Florida, Paul claimed: 'He even had a relationship with one of of the girls...Jen.

'They would make out in the dressing rooms. He told me about it - it was when she was married to Brad Pitt.'

A rep for Jennifer has strenuously denied the story, saying: I have commented in the National Enquirer and others. It's 100 percent false.

'Jennifer has never had a romantic or sexual relationship with Matt LeBlanc.'

The pair, who played Joey and Rachel on the global hit comedy, started a romance on screen at the end of season nine in May 2003 and the beginning of season 10.

Rachel starts to develop feelings for her friend who lives across the hall, and has dreams about him.

After Joey sees Charile (Aisha Wheeler) kiss Ross (David Schwimmer) he decides to go ahead with a relationship with Rachel, after she had confessed how she feels.

In season 10, which concluded in May 2004, the pair attempt to consummate their love, but fail and decide to remain friends.

Paul, who is estranged from his son, did not confirm at what point Matt and Jennifer are supposed to have got together in real life.

The Cake star was married to Brad, from 2000 to 2005.

Meanwhile Matt was with his ex wife Melissa McKnight - the pair tied the knot in 2003, after being together since 1997. They split in 2006.

Brad and Jen broke up after the 51-year-old actor made the movie Mr and Mrs Smith with his now wife Angelina Jolie.

The 40-year-old actress said in 2006 she met and fell in love with the Oceans Eleven star on the set of the movie, telling Vogue that they did not pursue anything romantically until he had announced his separation with Jennifer.

She said: 'It took until, really, the end of the shoot for us, I think, to realize that it might mean something more than we'd earlier allowed ourselves to believe.

'And both knowing that the reality of that was a big thing, something that was going to take a lot of serious consideration.'

The couple now have six children together, Maddox, 13, Pax, 11, Zahara, 10, Shiloh, nine, and twins Knox and Vivienne, who just turned seven.

Jennifer told the Hollywood Reporter some years after the break-up: 'Nobody did anything wrong. 'You know what I mean?

'It was just like, sometimes things [happen]. If the world only could just stop with the stupid, soap-opera b******t. There's no story. I mean, at this point it's starting to become-please, give more credit to these human beings.'
