Jennifer Aniston: I'm Not a 'Sad, Childless Human'

Jennifer Aniston has no doubt that husband Justin Theroux is the one for her.

"Why is he the right person for me? All I know is that I feel completely seen, and adored, in no matter what state," she told the December issue of Marie Claire. "There's no part of me that I don't feel comfortable showing, exposing. And it brings forth the best part of myself because I care about him so much. And he's such a good person. It hurts me to think of anything hurting him."

That was one of the reasons that Aniston spoke out earlier this year in an op-ed piece in the Huffington Post.

"My marital status has been shamed; my divorce status was shamed; my lack of a mate had been shamed; my nipples have been shamed," she told Marie Claire. "It's like, 'Why are we only looking at women through this particular lens of picking us apart? Why are we listening to it?' I just thought: I have worked too hard in this life and this career to be whittled down to a sad, childless human."

Jennifer Aniston: The Objectification of Women in Media is 'Absurd and Disturbing'
Jennifer Aniston Reveals Secret to Happy Marriage, Professional Success
In July, Aniston, 47, wrote in the Huffington Post that she and her husband, 44, also an actor, are relentlessly "harassed" by photographers "who will go to shocking lengths" to take their picture. But the stories that question whether she's pregnant are what bother her most, as she feels they perpetuate the myth that women need to have children to be happy.

"Here's where I come out on this topic: we are complete with or without a mate, with or without a child. We get to decide for ourselves what is beautiful when it comes to our bodies. That decision is ours and ours alone," she wrote. "Let's make that decision for ourselves and for the young women in this world who look to us as examples. Let's make that decision consciously, outside of the tabloid noise. We don't need to be married or mothers to be complete. We get to determine our own 'happily ever after' for ourselves."

