Miley And Liam Fighting? False Rumors Swirl That They're In A Feud Over A Supposed Prenup

Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth fighting? A new report claims that Cyrus and Hemsworth had a huge fight over their supposed prenup while they were making their wedding plans.

According to the report, Cyrus, 24, and Hemsworth, 27, have been planning their wedding in the Himalayan Mountains this summer. But there has reportedly been tension between them over having a prenup. Cyrus reportedly told Hemsworth she wanted him to sign a prenup before they got married so she could protect her estimated $200 million net worth. And Hemsworth was reportedly "shocked and annoyed with Miley and accused her of not trusting him."

ARE MILEY AND LIAM GETTING MARRIED THIS SUMMER? CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS ...

Sources say Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are fighting over a prenup (Photo: Splash News).

The problem? The report is just not true. Sources told Gossip Cop the there hasn't been any drama between Cyrus and Hemsworth over a prenup. And Cyrus and Hemsworth don't even have any plans to get married in the Himalayan mountains this summer.

But this is far from the first time Cyrus and Hemsworth have faced false rumors about their relationship. They've faced constant breakup, baby, and wedding rumors since they got back together.

IS MILEY AND LIAM'S WEDDING OFF OR ON? UPDATE ...

Just last month, Cyrus and Hemsworth faced rumors they were fighting yet again. This time, sources said that Cyrus and Hemsworth were fighting over whether to live in L.A. or Australia. And sources said they might not get married at all.

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth don't want to rush into marriage (Photo: XactpiX / Splash News).

But those rumors, like all the other split, pregnancy, and marriage rumors weren't true. Cyrus and Hemsworth are still together and their relationship is doing better than ever. The cute couple even recently went to the beach together while Hemsworth went surfing. So will Cyrus and Hemsworth get married soon?

Sources say that Cyrus and Hemsworth don't want to rush things and make the same mistakes as before now that they're back together. They feel no pressure to get married soon. Instead, they're taking time to build a solid foundation for their relationship.

WHY HAVE MILEY AND LIAM DELAYED THEIR WEDDING? HERE'S THE LATEST ...

"They want to figure out their life together before they get married," a source previously told People. "They're still engaged and living together. They just realized that there is no rush with the wedding and that it's better that they wait a bit."

Do you think Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth make a cute couple? Let us know your take in the comments section below!
