Melania Trump 'will wear Ralph Lauren at her husband's inauguration'

Ralph Lauren is the latest frontrunner in the race to design Melania Trump's inauguration outfit, Women's Wear Daily reported Tuesday.

The American designer is believed to be creating a gown and an ensemble for the future first lady, according to the magazine. Melania previously wore a $4,000 white Ralph Lauren pantsuit on Election Night.

Lauren also became Hillary Clinton's favored designer during her own presidential campaign. He designed the famed white pantsuit she donned at the Democratic National Convention, as well as several of her other outfits on the trail.

Almost 37.8 million viewers watched Barack Obama's inauguration in 2009. Isabel Toledo, the designer of Michelle Obama's yellow dress and coat, became known worldwide overnight after 25 years of non-mainstream work.

The future first lady could wear the Ralph Lauren outfit during the day and change into the gown for the evening's celebrations, which include a 1,500-people candlelight dinner at Union Station Thursday.

Melania had purchased her Election Night jumpsuit at Ralph Lauren's Madison Avenue store.

Lauren's staff is also believed to be designing pieces for other members of the Trump family, according to Women's Wear Daily.

No further details were provided as to the president-elects inauguration outfit. A source at Brioni, his favored brand of Italian suits, told the magazine they hadn't made a custom outfit for the occasion.

Other designers are believed to have expressed interest in dressing the incoming first lady for her husband's inauguration.

Fashion industry insider Jean Shafiroff, who sits on the New York's Fashion Institute of Technology's Couture Council Of The Museum, told the New York Post earlier this month that Zac Posen, B Michael America, Victor de Souza and Zang Toi would all be willing to dress Melania.

Other designers, meanwhile, have publicly said they would refuse to provide her outfit. They include Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs and Sophie Theallet.


