This Is What Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys

Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)

Of course, this move is a statement, and not a subtle one at that. TMZ reportedly spoke to a source that said Justin "doesn't think the Grammys are relevant or representative, especially when it comes to young singers."

Regardless, choosing not to show up to an award show for which you have received multiple nominations, and then to highlight that fact by doing something so overtly casual is pretty suspect.

However, this wasn't the only questionable act that went down on Justin's Instagram Live feed this weeknd. He also posted a video in which you hear someone ask him, "Favorite song at the moment?" He pauses, and then replies: "'Starboy,' by The Weeknd," before bursting out into laughter, making it clear that the comment was sarcastic. You then hear the second voice in the video say: "We've gotta end it now. That was too funny."

But we beg to differ, especially as it's not the first time Justin's taken a swipe at his fellow artist - and it's that consistency that is concerning. This past January, he called The Weeknd's music "whack," so we already knew he wasn't exactly a fan. It's a significant comment mostly because it appears to be a bitter snide from an ex. As we all know, Selena Gomez has been spotted with The Weeknd, and though their relationship hasn't been officially confirmed, there's enough evidence – Justin's response included – to speculate that the two are an item.

Dissing a fellow artist for no reason- and especially when the question posed was open-ended and positive - isn't cool. Doing it to your ex's new partner is as petty as petty gets. If nothing else, it's shown us that Justin has more #feelings about the situation than we realized.
