Anna Faris Responds To Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Cheating Rumors As They Promote 'Passengers' On Her Birthday

"Mom" actress Anna Faris didn't want to let the tabloids get to her, but when rumors swirled last year about husband Chris Pratt cheated on her with "Passengers" co-star Jennifer Lawrence, she felt vulnerable.

"Chris and I, we talk about this a lot," Faris, 40, said about gossip on her podcast, "Anna Faris Is Unqualified," Thursday. "We grapple with a lot of the ideas of being a public couple."

Even though she wanted to brush it off, she couldn't. "I just remember feeling so hurt in a way that bothered me, because I didn't want to think of myself as somebody who could be affected by ... tabloid s--t," Faris recalled.

It was a "combination" of things that bothered Faris. "I take pride in how great my relationship is with Chris, but having said that, of course, in this crazy world where he's off doing movies and I'm in L.A. raising our child, of course I'm going to feel vulnerable, like any normal human would," she said. "It made me feel incredibly insecure" even though the rumors weren't true.

It's not the first time Faris talked about the rumors. She opened up to  Us Weekly at the August TCA Stars Party. "[That] stung a little bit harder than I thought it would," Faris admitted about Lawrence, 24. "I thought, 'Maybe there is a kernel of truth to that.'"

But Faris was able to make light of the situation. She joked about being jealous of Pratt's "Jurassic World" co-star, Blue, the dinosaur. "Honey, what if I'm the littlest jealous of Blue? I mean, she's hot, smart, and you clearly adore her-thoughts?" she tweeted in June 2015.

Even though Lawrence and Pratt, 37, were promoting their science fiction thriller over Faris' birthday, Pratt made sure to wish his wife a happy birthday. "Please join me in wishing Happy Birthday to my darling @AnnaKFaris I'm sending you love from afar, beautiful lady," he wrote Tuesday. The post was liked more than 12,000 times by his 3.82 million Twitter followers.

Pratt and Faris married in 2009. They are parents to 4-year-old son, Jack.
