Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC

They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.

The May-December couple were spotted out together in New York City again on Monday, just a couple of days after they were seen taking Jennifer's beloved pup Pippi to a dog park in Manhattan.

The actress, 26, and the director, 47, strolled along side-by-side with Aronofsky at one point holding onto his girlfriend's arm as they walked.

The two met when Aronofsky, who shares a 10-year-old son Henry, with former fiancee Rachel Weisz, cast Lawrence in a leading role for his film Mother, due out later this year.

Filming finished in August last year and rumors about their romance started swirling in October when they were photographed together.

They confirmed their relationship after they were photographed kissing on a public street in New York.

While the filmmaker appeared up beat and beamed broadly as he spent time with his main squeeze, the actress appeared a little more reticent about showing her feelings in public, walking with her head tilted down and wearing sunglasses,

The Hunger Games star was stylish in a pair of distressed jeans paired with a black Peacoat with white sheepskin collar and trim.

She wore her blonde hair tied back into a ponytail under a jaunty peaked cap and added shiny black bovver boots.

Aronofsky, meanwhile, opted for his default outfit of puffy black jacket zipped up tight to his neck and blue jeans with brown lace-up shoes.

He added a blue knitted hat pulled down over his ears.

Lawrence gushed about her new beau in a recent interview with Vanity Fair, describing the Black Swan director as 'a visionary.'

She revealed she'd long been a fan of his work and didn't hesitate to sign up to star in his new movie even though there was no script for it at the time.
