Victoria Beckham finally addresses claims she's trying for her FIFTH baby at 42 with husband David

The famous couple, who live in London, already have three sons and a daughter

Victoria Beckham has finally addressed claims she is set to try for another baby at the age of 42.

It has been widely reported that David is keen to add to their brood, which includes sons Brooklyn, 17, Romeo, 13, and Cruz, 11, along with their adorable four-year-old daughter Harper.

The footballing legend , 41, told chat show host Jonathan Ross in 2012: "We might have one more or two more, you never know.

"We're not thinking about it yet, but if it happens, great. We're enjoying the kids 

 as it is. It's always a thought.

"I mean, we're busy people and we're enjoying the four kids that we've got already and we're lucky, we're lucky to have four healthy children."

Sources close to the star even previously claimed she was preparing for pregnancy and had boosted her already spinach-heavy diet with "broccoli and leafy greens rich in folic acid".

But VB has now spoken out to Sunday Times Style Magazine , insisting she is NOT trying for another baby and doesn't want any more children.

She said: "No! I am done. People have been obsessed with it - she's getting divorced, she's pregnant, she's getting divorced, she's pregnant - ever since I met David."

Victoria admitted her kids get harder to handle as they get older - but the most important thing is to make sure that each child in the family gets the individual attention they need.

The star explained: "I can never go to bed early because Brooklyn is always up and that's when I get to see him, and then you've got Harper who is up super early.

"So I do feel the that I'm being pulled in four different directions with the children. And then I have David and work, too. The truth is, it is hard."

The fashion designer, who went on to build her own empire after her success with the Spice Girls, admits she feels guilty if she misses something with the children, but it's not something that happens often.

She added that her and David are "always cuddling" their kids, they communicate constantly and are very present in their lives, never missing a parents' evening or sports day.
