Moving fashion forward: Brooding Tom Hiddleston has a new blonde in his life as he poses with dog for suave Gucci campaign after Taylor Swift split

He's one of Hollywood's most debonair stars.

So it's little wonder that Gucci have recruited Tom Hiddleston to be the face of their Cruise 2017 campaign, which sees the star decked out in an array of suave tailoring.

Moving forward from his sudden split with Taylor Swift, the 35-year-old actor shows of his leading man credentials as he takes centre-stage in the retro-styled campaign.

Flanked by a retinue of Afghan hounds, the High-Rise star seemingly replaced one blonde with three loyal ones.

Never failing to impress with his sartorial styling on the red carpet, the actor only seems a natural choice for the campaign.

Cutting a dashing yet suitably brooding figure, Alessandro Michele's vision for the Italian fashion house's resurgent menswear collection sees the actor captured in a series of homely tableau.

In one picture The Night Manager star is seen in a languid repose on a green sofa, staring off into the distance as if a he was a million miles.

Wearing a burgundy three-piece suit, slim-fitting and with razor-sharp lines, the actor certainly looks every inch the urbane gent.

In another shot, Tom is seen stood in the midst of three hounds decked out in a dark windowpane check two piece, ready for a day at the office - or indeed having just returned home from it.

The series of colourful yet muted portraits show the Thor and Avengers actor in his element, a subtle yet commanding presence - who looks even better thanks to the tailoring.

The campaign comes just weeks after the his relationship with popstrel imploded, with sources close to each of the stars claiming each of them ended it on their own terms.

However, last week Tom put paid to any rumours of hard-feelings or feuding between the two as he said they had remained on amicable terms.

When asked by People at the Emmy Awards last week if him and Taylor had remained on friendly terms since the split he replied: 'Yes. Yes, we are,' with a smile.
