Guy Ritchie enjoys laid-back bike ride with son Rocco amid claims ex-wife Madonna is 'close to agreeing a deal for the teen to stay in London'

Madonna and Guy Ritchie are battling for custody of son, 15, through court
Judge in Manhattan court told them to solve dispute themselves
Rocco currently lives with father in London and says he wants to stay there
Source claims Madonna close to agreeing, so long as he visits US regularly 
Guy was spending quality time with his son amidst legal drama  



It was recently reported that Madonna is close to agreeing a deal for her son Rocco to stay in London with his father Guy Ritchie after a judge laid into them for dragging the dispute through the courts.

And the filmmaker appeared unfazed as he spent some quality time with his 15-year-old in the English capital, enjoying a leisurely bike ride in the midst of the ongoing cross-Atlantic custody battle.

Guy and Rocco were clad in matching waterproof jackets and grey hoodies as they indulged in some gentle exercise following the stress of the court hearing earlier this week.

The Man From U.N.C.L.E director topped off his athletic look with a beanie hat, while Rocco sported a baseball cap.

The teen - who has been living with his father in London since fleeing his mother's Rebel Heart Tour in December - was busy checking his phone as he cycled along behind his dad.

Rocco is adamant he wants to continue living with his father in London, and it's claimed Madonna is close to agreeing to a deal.

The pair have been fighting for custody since December, culminating with Madonna's lawyers calling for Mr Ritchie to be arrested this week.

But sources say Madonna is close to agreeing a deal to let Rocco stay in the UK with his father, 47, so long as he returns to the US for regular holidays.

As news of the deal emerged, Madonna posted a bizarre video of herself online with the caption 'tears of a clown'.

The 10-second video shows the singer spinning and tap-dancing on a catwalk in a red polka-dot suit and mask.

The deal could finally be an end to the dispute which has been dragged through the courts since December, when the 15-year-old refused to go back to New York to see his mother.

A source close to the couple said: 'It's obvious they can't force Rocco to return and the judge was told he's too old to be forced,' reports The Sun.

'But Madonna wants to make sure she regularly sees him and they spend time together. They are just looking at the final details now like public holidays.'

Just yesterday, lawyers for Madonna demanded that the star's ex-husband Guy Ritchie be arrested for contempt of court for not abiding terms agreed in their divorce in 2008.

Her legal team made the dramatic demand during a bitter court hearing in New York which both she and Ritchie were listening to by phone.

Madonna's lawyer Eleanor Alter said that Ritchie should have brought Rocco to New York to resolve the dispute, because he was required to according to terms in the legally-binding divorce.

She said: 'He taught his son that obeying court orders was not important and I think that's one of the most serious things that's happened in this case that's detrimental to Rocco.'

Alter said that Ritchie's conduct was 'contempt' and the court went so far as to discuss the possibility that a warrant could be issued for Ritchie's arrest.

She added that the contempt should be enforced but New York Supreme Court Justice Deborah Kaplan refused to issue the warrant for Ritchie's arrest.

Ritchie's lawyer Peter Bronstein angrily rejected the demand from Madonna's team and said that his client had not even been held in contempt so an arrest was not being considered yet.

Justice Kaplan scolded both Ritchie and Madonna and said their son just wanted the case over.

She said: 'Frankly both parties have chosen to live their lives in a very public way and may welcome the publicity, but the child has not.

'He would like this matter resolved and the issues concerning him and his family in the most private way possible'.

Lawyers for both sides grew increasingly ill-tempered as the hearing went on.

See more of the latest Madonna updates as she fights for custody of her son Rocco

Alter, for Madonna, said that things she had been told by Mr Bronstein about English law had 'proved to be incorrect' and that some of the 'protections' she'd hoped for had not materialised.

She said that did not have an agreement on 'any part' of the case.

Mr Bronstein said that Ritchie and Madonna had been speaking directly to each other and by yesterday had drawn up an agreement which they had summarized into 24 points.

It broke down because of a number of issues including measures that allowed David Banda, the son Madonna adopted while married to Ritchie, to visit Rocco in London but make sure he returns to New York.

Mr Bronstein said there were still a 'number of differences which are extremely important to my client and, I understand, to the child'.

He went on to say that he had refrained from filing a number of papers which could be 'emotionally disturbing' to Rocco in the hope that an agreement could be reached.

He asked the court to lift Justice Kaplan's order from December requiring that Rocco return to New York but she rebuffed him.

Justice Kaplan told him that under the terms of Madonna and Ritchie's divorce, which was agreed in London in 2008, the Manhattan Supreme Court had ultimate authority over any custody matters, not the High Court in London.

Instead Ritchie has been going to the London court for hearings over the row, the court was told. Another one was due to take place in London on Thursday.

Justice Kaplan urged both sides not to take up what she called 'entrenched' positions and think about what was 'best for the child'.

She said that she thought that both parties were 'coming very very close to a global resolution that would take the child out of the unending spotlight'.

Alter seized on this and said that Ritchie's conduct amounted to contempt. She said: 'He thought it was better for Rocco to live with him.

'He may be right, I don't know. But the proper procedure was to come back to New York and ask for a change in circumstances. He used self-help.

'He taught his son that obeying court orders was not important and I think that's one of the most serious things that's happened in this case that's detrimental to Rocco.'

Mr Bronstein said that the mere suggestion Ritchie could be arrested cast a 'dark pall' over the hearing and said that the boy should be able to live in a 'normal household' with his father present.

Rocco's lawyer Ellen Sigal said that the teenager wanted his parents to 'put in place measures that will heal the rift that has arisen'.

She said that the case was proving to be a 'very difficult' time for him and that that she hoped he would not be exposed to any more 'distress and innuendo'.

She said that Rocco felt that the case was 'stressful and upsetting'. He is currently attending school in London and that she hoped Rocco's parents 'come to an agreement that will shield him from this matter'.

Madonna appeared by phone from New Zealand where she is due to play the next date in her Rebel Heart tour. Ritchie's location was not disclosed but is likely to have been London.

She spoke only at the start of hearing when asked: 'Is that Miss Ciccone?' and she replied: 'Yes, it's me.'

Ritchie only spoke to confirm he was on the phone too.

Earlier Justice Kaplan had agreed to let the press remain in the court because she did not believe that coverage of the case would cause a 'negative impact' to Rocco.

She said that the case had attracted 'extraordinary' media attention and that she had to balance the need for public access with the 'harmful effects' on Rocco.

The judge also allowed a single photographer in to take still photos of the hearing.

The case is to resume on 1 June.

The couple were married in Skibo Castle in Scotland in a high profile ceremony attended by Gwyneth Paltrow, Donatella Versace and Stella McCartney.

Madonna is also the mother to 19-year-old daughter Lourdes Leon, from her previous relationship to Carlos Leon, and adopted children David Banda, 10, and Mercy James, also 10 - David was adopted while she was still married to Guy.

Guy, meanwhile, has gone on to have three children with wife Jacqui Ainsley: sons Rafael, four, and Levi, one, and daughter Rivka, three.

Ritchie had been seen walking in London before the case was heard.

He and his superstar singer ex have been embroiled in a bitter legal battle over their teenager for the past few months.

Madonna has used social media to attempt to appeal to her son.

Two weeks ago she shared a nostalgic snapshot of herself with baby Rocco, reminiscing about happier times.

Along with the snap, she wrote, 'Tu me manque............(sic)', translated as 'I miss you'.

While some of her French fans were quick to point out that she had spelt 'manques' wrong, most of her followers chimed in with messages of love and support, reassuring the star that Rocco would no doubt change his mind.

'Be strong he will come back, he is just a teenager', one posted, while another enthused, 'He will always be your son and you always his mother'.

Rocco is said to have moved in which his father, 47, his model wife Jacqui Ainsley, 34, and their three children after becoming fed up with being on tour with his mother.

He was supposed to spend Christmas with her but did not return home to New York.

Madonna went to the Manhattan Supreme Court in December to try to force Rocco to come home.

But during the hearing Ritchie's lawyer Eric Buckley said that Rocco had 'expressed very clearly' that he did not want to be with her.

One possible source of Rocco's frustration is that Madonna posted numerous pictures and videos of him on Instagram that could have caused him embarrassment.

In May she posted one video of him doing a backflip wearing orange underwear with the caption 'Rocco's preferred profile #nosausage'.

In an interview in August Madonna said that Rocco did not want to perform on stage with her and would be working backstage on her tour as 'your mom is not cool' at his age.

The row has reopened old wounds from her and Guy's divorce after eight years together and put Madonna at the center of a painful and public battle.

Madonna reportedly thinks Guy's parenting is too lax and is said to have hired private detectives to spy on Rocco, who took pictures of him smoking underage.
