The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look

Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. "Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup," says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:



You are what you eat

Ellen sticks to vegan fare and practices yoga, and it's written all over her face. Boosting your intake of antioxidant-rich fruits and veggies and cutting out processed foods helps give you that luminous look.



Cleanse carefully

Face washes that lather up contain sulfates, which can dry your skin and make fine lines and wrinkles look worse. Instead, go for a cleansing cream that doesn't suds; it will leave skin soft and get rid of makeup and grime.



Quench thirsty skin

If you're super dry, consider using a face oil at bedtime. These hydrating serums give your skin an extra plumpness and dewiness. Smooth on after cleansing and top with your night cream.



Give powder makeup the brush off

Powders can sink into lines, so switch to cream-based blushes, shadows, concealers and foundations. As you age, your skin loses radiance, so give it a boost with sheer, hydrating formulas that contain light reflecting particles.



Go easy on the eyes

Lots of eye makeup can attract attention to crows feet. Use neutral shadows and a dab of smudgey liner instead of attempting a come-hither smoky eye or garish colors.



Choose the right lip look

Tons of super shiny lip gloss can make you look like a teenager, while dark matte lipsticks can make lip lines look more prominent. Go for something in between; I recommend a hydrating sheer lipstick one shade darker than your lip tone.
