Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One "Massive Miscalculation" While Planning Their Secret Wedding

Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a "beautiful" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on Wednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one "massive miscalculation" when planning the wedding.

Theroux explained that, to keep the wedding below-the-radar, he and Aniston told different guests different reasons why they were throwing a party at their house this past August. Initially, they told most guests it was a birthday celebration for Theroux. But when certain people R.S.V.P.'d no because of busy schedules, the couple felt the need to spill the secret to entice them to be there on the special day. Of course, that meant that the in-the-know guests were dressed like they were attending a wedding, while the rest were in jeans and flip flops, so that each guest could easily tell who had been trusted with the secret and who hadn't.

"It was actually a massive miscalculation," Theroux said of their wedding plan. "Afterwards, we kind of realized, like, that was a terrible plan, because you're basically telling half your guests, 'You're unemployed and we can't trust you,' which was of course not the case, but we just kind of put it out there, and people that said yes to the birthday [we didn't tell], and then people who said, 'We can't,' we really put more pressure on them to be at the 'birthday.'"

And then, of course, there were also the friends who, during Theroux and Aniston's engagement, just got into the habit of dressing in formal wear each time they were invited to the couple's home in the off-chance that the get-together would turn out to be the couple's much-anticipated wedding.

"We also have friends who, when we've done barbecues and stuff, show up, like, dressed to the nines, like, 'This is the thing, right?,'" Theroux said. "And we're like, 'No, this is actually just a barbecue.'"

On a happier note, though, Theroux said he is relishing the fact that he is finally able to call Aniston his wife. "The first couple days of doing it-it's a great feeling."
