rad Pitt attends charity concert with Sting in rare public appearance following split from Angelina Jolie

Brad Pitt reemerged in the spotlight Saturday after keeping a low profile for months following his split from Angelina Jolie.

The A-list actor seemed to be in strong spirits as he made the rounds at a charity concert in Malibu, where a bevy of stars turned out to raise awareness for a serious skin disease called epidermolysis bullosa.

Pitt, 53, attended the Rock4EB! Charity gig with his pals, musicians Sting and Chris Cornell, who headlined the event. The "Allied" actor was seen socializing throughout the evening, shaking hands and sharing laughs with others on hand, according to People.

He later took the stage during the concert, where he jokingly imitated Sting in front of the laughing crowd.

"When I started my career back in, uh..." he joked. "When I started making wine back in, uh ... very good wine, by the way."

Pitt also introduced Cornell, the singer and songwriter behind grunge band Soundgarden, before he took the stage, calling him a "someone I've known for quite a while and that I'm a huge fan of."

Pitt was far from the only big name at Saturday's charity event, which was sponsored by jewelry company Alex and Ani and hosted by Zach Galifianakis. Courteney Cox, Kaley Cuoco and David Spade were among the other stars in attendance.

The actor's appearance at the benefit concert comes less than a week after he surprised viewers at the Golden Globes by presenting the film "Moonlight," which was produced by his Plan B Entertainment company.

Pitt mostly disappeared from the public eye following his contentious split from Angelina Jolie in September after two years of marriage and 12 years together overall.

Jolie currently has physical custody of their six kids through a temporary agreement, but the two stars continue to attempt to work out a permanent plan.

The duo agreed last week to handle the remainder of their court battle in private, weeks after one of Jolie's previous filings became available for public viewing.
