'THE MORE THE MERRIER' Lindsay Lohan wants talks with US President Donald Trump and Russian leader Vladimir Putin to solve Syrian refugee crisis

Actress also wants to invite Mean Girls co-star Rachel McAdams and former couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie

'the more the merrier'

Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

LINDSAY Lohan wants to host a star-studded meeting with Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin to discuss the Syrian refugee crisis.

The actress wants to get the controversial world leaders together for talks – and she also wants to invite her Mean Girls co-star Rachel McAdams and former couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.

Lindsay, 30, made the admission during a Facebook Live chat with DailyMail.com today, revealing she wants to meet divisive US President Trump as well as Russian leader Putin.

She hopes to draw attention to the problems facing Syrians who have fled the war-torn country – and she thinks a star-studded gathering will be the best solution.

Lindsay revealed she would also hope to invite Rachel, who she worked with on the 2004 teen comedy, and former couple Brad and Angelina.

She said of Trump: "I want to try to get the word out to Donald Trump bring him over there [to the refugee camps in Turkey] have him see all the positive things they are doing over there and all America can do to help as well...

"[I want to meet him] to broaden his ideas of it because he hasn't been there and show America in the right light, helping the refugees...

"It is one world that we live in and we have to work together...

"I think it would be a positive thing for America to show their care and support...

"And for him to experience what it's like for these people."

When asked who she was want to gather together for talks about the problems facing refugees, she added: "Angelina Jolie... Donald Trump... Putin - the more strong figures we have [the better]

"Brad Pitt... maybe someone like Rachel McAdams - the more the merrier in this situation..."

Lindsay opened up about her plan Lindsay hopes to solve the refugee crisis

Lindsay recently jetted to Turkey to meet Syrian refugees at camps in the country, and she also met with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

She also met with seven-year-old Syrian girl blogger Bana al-Abed at the country's presidential palace.

The actress later wrote on Instagram: "What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home. Their efforts in helping Syrian Refugees is truly inspiring."

Lindsay visited Syrian refugees at a hospital in Istanbul in September, and the next month, she visited a camp in southeastern Turkey's Gaziantep province.
