Beyoncé Serves Up Lots of Smiles at Serena Williams' Wedding to Alexis Ohanian

When she sees two people “Crazy in Love,” Beyoncé can’t help but smile.

The songstress, 36, was one of 200 guests invited to Serena Williams‘ wedding to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian on Thursday in New Orleans, Louisiana, coincidentally the same city where Beyoncé filmed the music video for her hit Lemonade single, “Sorry,” which co-starred the bride.

Queen Bey dressed in a dark emerald green long-sleeve dress by Alexandre Vauthier that featured a plunging neckline and ruched detail at the bodice, as seen in photos from the wedding provided exclusively to Vogue.

Beyoncé also shared photos of her look on Instagram Sunday, giving fans a 360-degree view of her ensemble and exaggerated ponytail. She also shared close-up shots of her sparkling necklace and matching triangular earrings.

Also joining her at the star-studded event was her mother Tina Knowles-Lawson. Husband JAY-Z and their three children — Blue Ivy, 5, and 5-month-old twins Rumi and Sir — were not in attendance.

Beyoncé was in good company as she sat between BFF Kelly Rowland and Tony-winning star Cynthia Erivo during the ceremony. Other guests included Ciara, LaLa Anthony and Eva Longoria.

And following the “I do’s,” the mother of three was pictured enjoying a ride on the carousel at the reception.

RELATED GALLERY: See the A-List Guests at Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian’s New Orleans Wedding!

During a surprise performance by New Edition, the bride and groom performed a dance routine with the band as Beyoncé, Rowland, and Ciara cheered them on, according to Vogue.

Bey and Serena have been running in the same circles since the 22-time Grammy winner was a member of Destiny’s Child. The pair were introduced to each other in 2004 by Rowland.

Since they met, the women have continued to support each other.

“It’s great to have Beyoncé and Jay Z supporting,” Williams told E! News last September. “It’s always wonderful to see them at tennis, and it’s always good when you can just rely on someone and know that they’re always in your corner — whether they are there or not. And that’s kind of how it is with us.”

In 2015, Williams even did a parody video of Beyoncé’s “7/11.”
