Jay-Z tour coming to New Orleans in support of new '4:44' album

Jay-Z is headed to the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans on Nov. 9. The hip-hop heavyweight is hitting the road in support of “4:44,” his 13th solo studio album.

The tour is being produced by Live Nation Entertainment, which has sustained a lengthy and lucrative multifaceted relationship with Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter.

Tickets for the New Orleans show range in price from $29.50 to $125 plus fees and service charges. They go on sale to the general public Friday, July 14, which follows presales for subscribers to Jay-Z's music streaming service, Tidal, and Citi card members. Those presales commenced at 11 a.m. on Monday.

For this tour, Jay-Z will use an in-the-round configuration, where the stage will be at the middle of the arena floor, with seating on all sides.

The rapper/music industry mogul’s personal life has frequently brought him to New Orleans in recent years. In February, he visited the Smoothie King Center to watch the 2017 NBA Allstar Game with his wife, Beyoncé, and the couple’s oldest daughter, Blue Ivy. He has also accompanied Beyoncé on numerous trips to the Crescent City to visit her sister, Solange Knowles.

But he has also graced New Orleans stages on a fairly regular basis. Mostly recently, he came to town to perform with Beyoncé at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome during their "On the Run" joint tour in July 2014.

Prior to that he appearance, he and Kanye West filled what was then called the New Orleans Arena for their "Watch the Throne" co-headlining tour in December 2011.

On his own, Jay-Z headlined the arena in February 2010 during the tour for his “The Blueprint 3.” On that tour, he performed with a live, 10-piece backing band.

He also hit the arena in April 2008 on the "Heart of the City" tour with Mary J. Blige. He and R. Kelly brought their ill-fated "Best of Both Worlds" show to the arena in October 2004. Jay-Z also sold out the arena in August 2003 during his "Rock the Mic" tour with 50 Cent and Busta Rhymes.

"4:44," Jay-Z's first album in four years, is being described as his most personal and thoughtful. It released via his Roc Nation label in late June initially as an exclusive download for Sprint customers and Tidal subscribers. As of July 7, the album is available in physical form and from other streaming services.

The "4:44" tour launches in Anaheim, California, on Oct. 27 and concludes Dec. 21 at The Forum in Los Angeles.

