Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married

The couple were in a "Saturday Night Live" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have sparked some speculation that they got secretly married after stepping out with rings on their fingers in late October, and the engaged couple continued to fan the flames on "Saturday Night Live."

Cyrus, 24, performed two songs as the musical guest on Saturday's episode of the NBC sketch show. Her ring finger was especially noticeable during "I Would Die For You," her second performance of the night.

Miley is still sporting two rings. Saturday Night Live/NBC

Hemsworth, 27, surprised fans with a cameo in a "The Price Is Right" sketch earlier in the night, but his left hand was covered throughout the whole thing. But at the end of the evening, as everyone clapped and said good night, a band could be spotted on his ring finger.

Some eagle-eyed fans spotted the rings on their fingers.

Now, this isn't the first time both have stepped out with bling on their ring fingers.

Back in August 2017, Hemsworth was spotted with the gold band on his finger, but sources told E! News that the ring was worn as a "'promise' to Miley." As for Cyrus' rings, she began wearing her engagement ring that Hemsworth first proposed with in 2012 after the two reconciled in 2016. She was spotted with a second ring on the finger in October, according to Glamour.

But Cyrus has spoken about her views on marriage, and doesn't seem too keen on tying the knot just yet.

In a recent interview with The Sun on Sunday, according to a report from The Daily Mail, Cyrus said she wants to wait a bit before getting married.

"I don't envision marriage. I'm 24. I hope I get to live a little bit more," she said. "I have too much living to do [before I get married]. I have no idea what the next three years will bring, but if it's possible to get even happier, I'll take it."

For an in-depth look at their whirlwind romance, read our relationship timeline.

