Stop Right Now! The Spice Girls Might Be Planning A Reunion

There are certain things that people just shouldn't joke about. A potential Spice Girls reunion with all five members is one of them.

Earlier this morning, news broke that the most iconic girlband of all time may be reuniting in 2018, sending chills down the spines of every 90s girl power advocate up and down the country.

According to the Independent, Mel C has reportedly been working quietly with the band's former boss Simon Fuller over the past few months to bring Victoria Beckham, Mel B, Emma Bunton and Geri Horner (née Halliwell) back for the one-off special, with a compilation record expected to land next year.

A source told The Sun: 'The five of them have been locked in secret talks since the summer, and finally they are all on-board for a 2018 reunion.

'As it stands, they will be working together on a series of projects, which will include an album and a TV special celebrating the Spice Girls - and getting Victoria to agree has been a coup for everyone involved, given she has always been the person holding back on a reunion.'

But alas, Spice Girls fans, we need to stay rational about this.

Put away the platform trainers and ask yourself, 'would Victoria actually agree to this?'

Let us present an analysis...

Although many a source is reporting that Scary, Baby, Sporty, Ginger and Posh are set to make a comeback next year, we mustn't forget the numerous times that Beckham has staunchly opposed a Spice reunion.

It was only earlier this year that ex-Posh Spice turned fashion mogul told U.S. breakfast show The Today Show that 'there won't be a reunion because I think that when we performed at the Olympics, it was so great, and that was us celebrating everything that we'd achieved'.

She then went on to say: 'I still talk to all the other girls, we're still very close, but I think you need to know when it's time to actually say, "That was great, we achieved a lot," and everybody moves on.'

A new album doesn't sound much like moving on, does it?

Understandably, Victoria now has a family and a thriving business in the fashion industry to look after and, in the past, has cited these commitments as her reasoning for not wanting to reunite with her bandmates.

All hope is not lost, however, as, when asked about a potential Spice Girls reunion, Mel C was previously quoted on The Nightly Show saying: 'I kind of feel like it's not really doing the band justice to go out as a four piece, whoever's missing it doesn't matter.'

So, surely if there were to be some kind of reunion it must involve all five original members... right?

Dare we believe the rumours that all five have been in 'secret talks' over the summer and are on board? Should we really raise our hopes that high?

Whatever the case, the Spice Girls will always 'Viva Forever' in our hearts.
