Kim Kardashian's Sweet Message About Serena Williams' 'Prince': 'He Makes Her So Happy'

From the beginning, Kim Kardashian West knew Serena Williams had found her prince in Alexis Ohanian.

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, 37, told Vogue that the couple were meant to be during cocktails after their wedding ceremony Thursday in New Orleans.

“I’ve known Serena for so long and am so happy she’s found her prince,” Kardashian West told the magazine. “From the moment she told me she met Alexis in Rome, it was like… she’s been so happy and has this light about her that is so special to see.”

The reality star continued, “You just know it is so real. He makes her so happy and that just makes her friends happy.”

The tennis champion and the Reddit co-founder married at the Contemporary Arts Center on Nov. 16, which was also the birthday of Ohanian’s late mother Anke who died nine years ago.

The ceremony came just 11 weeks after the couple welcomed their baby girl, Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., on Sept. 1 — almost two years after they began dating in 2015.

A slew of celebrity guests were in attendance, including Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian, Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón, and fellow tennis star Caroline Wozniacki with her new fiancé, NBA player David Lee.

Guests dined on an around-the-world-themed dinner as the band played several of Serena’s favorite Disney songs, including “Be Our Guest.” The bride wanted a French ball–themed reception inspired by Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve’s fairy tale, Beauty and the Beast, according to Vogue. Serena’s sister, Venus Williams, looked gorgeous in her custom Galia Lahav bridesmaid dress as she walked down the aisle. The couple also wrote their own vows, with Ohanian telling his wife, “I will always have bad jokes that make your eyes roll; make you give me the side eye. You are the greatest of all time, not just in sport. I’m talking about as a mother, and as a wife. I am so excited to write so many more chapters of our fairy tale together.” Their love story has been a real fairytale. In December, Williams announced their engagement on Reddit, describing the horse drawn carriage that awaited her.”I came home. A little late. Someone had a bag packed for me. And a carriage waited. Destination: Rome,” Williams wrote under her personal account. “To escort me to my very own ‘charming.’ Back to where our stars first collided. And now it was full circle. At the same table we first met by chance,” she wrote. “But by choice. Down on knee. He said 4 words. And I said yes.”
