Watch Barack Obama's sweet surprise for Michelle on their 25th anniversary

Already known for his sweet messages to his wife on birthdays and holidays, Barack Obama went big for his 25th wedding anniversary with Michelle on Tuesday.

He surprised the former first lady with a heart-melting video message while she was in the middle of a talk with television producer Shonda Rhimes at the Pennsylvania Conference for Women in Philadelphia.

"I better get home!" a smiling and blushing Michelle said to Rhimes and the audience after seeing the message.

Barack appeared on screen at the conference near the end of a 57-minute talk by Michelle. (Jump to the 54-minute mark in the video.) He apologized to the attendees for having to "crash this party," before letting his wife know what she means to him.

"Now, the idea that you would even put up with me for a quarter of a century is a remarkable testament to what a saintly, wonderful, patient person you are,'' he said. "It was a lot easier for me to do it because the fact of the matter is that not only have you been an extraordinary partner, not only have you been a great friend, somebody who could always make me laugh, somebody who would always make sure that I was following what I thought was right, but you have also been an example to our daughters and to the entire country."

His sentiments came after Michelle had posted a photo from their 1992 wedding on Instagram with a message of love for the former president on their anniversary.

"Your strength, your grace, your determination, your honesty, the fact that you look so good doing all this, the way in which you've always taken responsibility for your own actions but also for looking out for the people around you is remarkable,'' he continued. "And it's no wonder that as people got to know you the way that I got to know you, they fell in love."

His message was the latest example of the type of genuine affection between the two that was often on display in many touching moments throughout the eight years they were in the White House.

Barack and Michelle have been together since 1989, when he met her while working as a summer associate at a Chicago law firm where she worked.

"It is truly the best decision that I ever made to be persistent enough, asking you out on a date, that you finally gave in,'' he said. "And I hope you feel the same way. So, I don't want to interrupt the flow of what I'm sure is a fascinating discussion, but I figured that you wouldn't mind maybe me parachuting in just to say how much I love you and how much I appreciate you."
