https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week
Jim Carrey Attends Fashion Week Party Just to Roast Fashion Week Parties
2017-09-11
Jim Carrey, once an actor, now an artiste, and cultural commenter, stopped by New York Fashion Week to neg it. E! News’s Catt Sadler caught up with Carrey on the red carpet of the Harper’s Bazaar Icons party Friday night, and the two-minute clip of their exchange has been percolating on Twitter ever since. After she pointed out that she’d never seen him at the biannual spectacle, he explained to her the following: “There’s no meaning to any of this. So I wanted to find the most meaningless thing that I could come to and join and here I am.” Watch Sadler’s eyes as she fully comprehends what she’s about to endure.

“Celebrating icons,” Carrey says. “Boy, that is just the absolute lowest aiming possibility we could come up with. Do you believe in icons?”

When Sadler started to answer, he interjected, “I don’t believe in personalities. I don’t believe that you exist, but there is a wonderful fragrance in the air.”

Carrey then looked in the camera and gave his speech, “I don’t believe in icons. I don’t believe in personalities. I believe that peace lies beyond personalities, beyond invention and disguise, beyond the red ‘S’ that you wear on your chest, that makes bullets bounce off. I believe that it’s deeper than that. I believe we’re a field of energy dancing for itself, and—uh—I don’t care.” (It wasn’t exactly extemporaneous poetry; the lines are borrowed from a commencement speech he gave in 2014 at Iowa’s Maharishi University of Management).

Yes, he sounded like a liberal-arts student on a particularly mellow week night. And it’s not clear whether he sensed the irony in himself saying all of that while attending the party and wearing a flashy tailored suit (Asked about his get-up, he said, “I didn’t get dressed up. There is no me. There’s just things happening.”).

Carrey’s referendum, despite its slightly unbearable pitch, rings somewhat true amid the backdrop of destruction caused by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. And Charlottesville. And the general mood of melancholy that has settled over the country like a thick fog. It’s hard to see where the art and commercialism and spectacle of N.Y.F.W. fits into all that. Designers themselves have struggled with that question since the 2016 election, as have many creators in other fields. The world looks different now than it did even last February, and it will somersault a thousand more times before the clothing parade gears again up next February. (But, make no mistake, the parade will go on.)

But that’s not even it, really, Carrey said. “It’s not our world. We don’t matter. That’s the good news.” Great!
