It Appears Selena Gomez Just Adopted a New Puppy With The Weeknd

Less than a week ago, Selena Gomez and The Weeknd (a.k.a. Abel Tesfaye) were spotted playing with a pack of puppies at a NYC pet store—and now, it seems, Selena's brought one of them home. After all, the heart wants what it wants ( wink wink ).

In photos obtained by Elle , Selena's assistant Theresa Mingus was spotted on Thursday picking up the exact same Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy that Selena saw last weekend. Later, Theresa was seen delivering the pup to the "Fetish" singer's apartment. A fan account on Twitter also posted pictures from the store before Theresa picked up the puppy, in which a sign reading "I'm going HOME soon!" posted to the dog's kennel.

While many of Selena's fans expressed their excitement on social media for the newest addition to her family, others were disappointed because they're assuming she chose to purchase the dog from a pet store, many of which are notorious for selling puppies raised in unethical puppy mills , rather than adopting one from a shelter. "Why buy instead of adopting this makes me so mad," one Twitter user wrote . In an Instagram comment screenshot by another Insta user, one person wrote , "I also can't believe you would buy a puppy from the pet stores that are breeding and putting animals in glass and have them in bad living situations. Don't support stuff like that girl. Thought you knew better." It has not been confirmed where the pet store Selena's puppy is from gets its animals, and Selena's team has not confirmed or denied any information about the animal at this time.

Fans are also wondering whether the dog belongs solely to Selena—who had rescued five shelter dogs as of 2010, according to People —or if Abelena are co-parenting the pooch. If it's the latter, they won't be alone: Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner, who have been dating since December, adopted a husky puppy together just last weekend and have already set up an Instagram account for Porky Basquiat.

