
Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done With His Most Recent Album?

Just over one week ago, Drake surprised the world by announcing a new single was on its way, and then by dropping said track just a few days later in the middle of a Louis Vuitton runway show in Paris. For those who didn’t get an invite to the exclusive event, “Signs” was uploaded to Spotify shortly thereafter, and since then it's been streamed millions of times and discussed at length across social channels.

The new Drake track sounds like it could be the next big hit for the hip-hop superstar, who obviously wants to own the summer in the same way he did last year with his first No. 1 hit as a lead artist, “One Dance.” “Signs” has yet to hit the Hot 100, but it will in a short time, and it could grant the rapper another serious smash.

Many people have started wondering what the release of this new poppy offering means for Drake, who is only a few months removed from his last chart-topping effort on the Billboard 200. As always, he has been mum on the subject, but there is plenty of precedent in his past to suggest that a new collection could already be in the works from the biggest name in music.

Over the past few years, Drake has sped up his release schedule, and he never allows much time to pass in between one album and the next (or whatever he’s calling them these days). He dropped two mixtapes in 2015, an album in 2016 and less than a year later in March 2017, his playlist project More Life topped the albums tally with ease. All of those items were massive moments in music and successful in terms of sales and especially streams, and while he could have kept them alive and promoted them more intensely, Drake doesn’t seem concerned with the shelf life of his music, instead focusing his energy on creating more and more content.

It might only be a few months old, but the superstar Grammy winner seems to have already moved on from More Life, even though it remains inside the top 10 on the Billboard week after week. He hasn’t gone out of his way to do much in the way of promotion, and while every track featured on the collection initially charted on the Hot 100, only two have managed to hold on, and neither is currently residing inside the top 40 any longer.

Drake also has a habit of mixing timelines and pushing more than one project simultaneously, which would likely be disastrous for any other artist. Back in July 2015, he unleashed “Hotline Bling,” which would quickly go on to become one of his highest-charting efforts and something of a signature song. Just a few months later, he and Future dropped their collaborative mixtape What A Time To Be Alive, which confusingly didn’t feature “Bling.” That song wouldn’t end up on a collection until nine months later, when Views finally conquered the world. The name Drake turned out to be powerful enough to keep both the song going and to send What A Time To Be Alive to the top of the Billboard 200 without issue, so now he knows he can balance two different projects at once.

At the moment, “Signs” is currently being pushed as a standalone single, but in Drake’s world, that could change in a moment. Depending on how well it performs on the charts and how long it is able to last, it could wind up serving as the lead cut from an upcoming album, or mixtape, or playlist project or anything really. Drake has established himself as not only one of the most successful artists of all time, but also one of the most unpredictable, which is what is required by today’s fast-paced music industry.
