Wild Rumor: Justin Bieber Canceled His Purpose Tour to Start His Own Church

Justin Bieber shocked the Belieber community worldwide yesterday when he abruptly canceled the remainder of his Purpose tour. Bieber had 14 shows left, including several in the U.S. and Asia. A photographer caught the Biebs yesterday in L.A., and he explained he just needed a break after 16 months of touring. "Yeah, everything's fine, yeah" he told the man on camera. "I've been on tour for two years. It is [a long stretch,] yeah. Yes, [I'm looking forward] to resting, getting some relaxation, I'm going to ride some bikes."

He offered this message to his fans: "I love you guys, I think you guys are awesome. Sorry for anybody who feels like disappointed or betrayed, that's not in my heart or anything. And uh, have a blessed day!" Then he gave a peace sign.

His manager Scott Braun also posted an Instagram, explaining Bieber ended the tour for his own well being. "On behalf of myself, Justin, and the team, we are sorry," he wrote to the hurt fans. "That was never our intent. But a man's soul and well being I truly care about came first and We must all respect and honor that. Justin will be back and I know he looks forward to performing for you and with you all again. One chapter ends and another begins. Thank you again. "

But! Australia's Today Show had an interesting report of another reason Bieber ended the tour early. Apparently the Biebs, who famously attends Hillsong Church, has a "Son of God" tattoo across his chest, and was recently at Hillsong Conference with his friend Pastor Carl Lentz, wants to start his own church. An inside source told a reporter that the reason "he came off the road is because he wants to reconnect with his faith, and he may be even planning to start his own church. We know that he was in the country [Australia] a few weeks ago having meetings and attending the big Hillsong convention that they had here. Very close to a lot of the Hillsong people. Whether he's looking at teaming up with them or something of a more permanent situation or doing some sort of religious activity on his own, starting his own church, we're not quite sure."
