Has Harry Styles written songs about Kendall Jenner on his new album?

It seems Harry Styles has opened up a lot more than usual in his new interview with Rolling Stones - not only did he finally address his 2012 relationship with Taylor Swift, but the 23-year-old has admitted that his upcoming solo album features some songs inspired by his most recent ex girlfriend aka Kendall Jenner.


Getty Images

Speaking to the magazine, the 23-year-old heartthrob explained that the album is a tribute to his ex-girlfriend and described it as "tipping a hat to [their] time together."

And while he refused to give a name, he is believed to be referring to the Keeping Up With The Kardashian star who he was first linked with in 2013.

"Sometimes you want to tip the hat, and sometimes you just want to give them the whole cap ... and hope they know it's just for them," Harry said.

READ NEXT

You can now buy Kendall's 21st birthday chainmail dress from the woman herself

You can now buy Kendall's 21st birthday chainmail dress from the woman herself

By Ciara Sheppard
The One Direction star's highly anticipated debut solo album is set to drop on the 12 May and call us nosy, but we can't wait to hear what he has to say about Kendall.

Perhaps it'll win her back? You never know...

Last September, rumours of Kendall and Harry rekindling their romance were sparked again as a source told People: "They're rekindling their old romance and Kendall's so excited and happy about it. She's always cared about Harry."

The pair reportedly enjoyed a date at Ysabel in LA in September 2016.

Speaking about the date, the source said: "Kendall was beaming all night. They're trying to spend time together again."

READ NEXT

Gisele Bündchen loses the crown of highest-paid model after 15 years

Gisele Bündchen loses the crown of highest-paid model after 15 years

By Anna Johnstone
ADVERTISEMENT


They went on: "[Harry] has thought all along that Kendall is hot and was sort of just waiting for a chance to spend more time with her again."

Could this be it?

On 20 March 2016, we wrote...

Are you wondering why 'Anne's iCloud' is trending on Twitter? It's believed Harry Styles' mum has been the victim of hacking.


Rex Features
Leaked, intimate pictures of Harry Styles and rumoured girlfriend Kendall Jenner have flooded the internet, and the fandom believe they're from Harry's mum's iPhone and that she was targeted deliberately.

READ NEXT

Kendall Jenner's birthday outfit was all business on top, party at the bottom

Kendall Jenner's birthday outfit was all business on top, party at the bottom

By Ciara Sheppard

Rex/Getty
Although it is not clear exactly where the snaps originated from, the pics show Harry and Kendall - who were first romantically linked back in 2013 - cuddling up to each other as they spent time together on a luxury yacht in St Barts, with family and friends over Christmas. Harry's mum was on the trip.

Harry Styles is extremely close to his mum, saying that Anne Cox is the only one who knows the "truth about his love life". The One Direction star doesn't mind partying with her either, and took her along to a BRITs after-party. "She's not like a regular mum, she's a cool mum," he said.

In one of the leaked pictures Kendall is sitting on Harry's lap, another candid shot sees them both lying down on a sofa on the boat with their legs intertwined as they take pictures of each other.

A third picture shows them standing in the bathroom taking a selfie - Kendall is sporting a huge grin as Harry, who is wearing a Hawaiian shirt, takes the snap.

READ NEXT

Kendall Jenner opens up about her acne & how she deals with it

Kendall Jenner opens up about her acne & how she deals with it

By Olivia McCrea-Hedley
There are more than 30 leaked pictures believed to be circulating the Internet.

On 15 March 2016, we wrote...

Selena Gomez has revealed that Kendall Jenner has a boyfriend but is it Harry Styles or not?


Getty Images
Talking to Capital's Roman Kemp, the singer said when he asked if he could join their crew, "Maybe not for the squad necessarily but boyfriend material is always good… none of them are single just so you know."

She added "Taylor is not single, Gigi is not single, neither is Kendall. I am the only single one!"

READ NEXT

Kendall + Kylie to launch an underwear line with Topshop & it's super luxe

Kendall + Kylie to launch an underwear line with Topshop & it's super luxe

By Leanne Bayley
Khloe Kardashian confirmed that Kendall was dating Harry Styles again earlier this year but the pair haven't been seen for a while. We wonder if Kendall's moved on and if so, who with?

On 25 January 2016, we wrote....

Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner were reunited on Saturday night for a birthday party in West Hollywood.


Rex/Splash
The 20-year-old fashion model and 21-year-old One Direction star both attended a private party held at the Troubadour rock club in West Hollywood.

Who did Kendall arrive with? Um, her mum, Kris Jenner.

READ NEXT

You’ve got to see Gal Gadot’s impression of Kendall Jenner

You’ve got to see Gal Gadot’s impression of Kendall Jenner

By Ciara Sheppard
Recently Kendall's older sister, Khloe Kardashian, confirmed the news, saying: "Why are they a good match? Well, they're both super hot, super great, sweet people."

So far, so good, right? Well, no. There are rumours swirling and twirling that Harry Styles "spent the night with Pandora Lennard", a stylist who has worked with the likes of Little Mix and Fifth Harmony.

The Sun report that she was seen leaving the star's north London home around 12pm last Sunday after being seen entering the luxury property late on Saturday night.

We're hoping that this news isn't true.

On 1 January 2016, we wrote...

It's been over a year since Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner bumped into each other at the British Fashion Awards 2014, but now they've been spotted holidaying together and canoodling on a yacht in St Barts.

READ NEXT

Kendall Jenner: 30 times her beauty wowed us

Kendall Jenner: 30 times her beauty wowed us

By Glamour

Splash News
We've ogled the pictures on The Daily Mail (yes, we're guilty of that, too!) and the pair can we seen play fighting on board the luxuring boat.

The 20-year-old model and 21-year-old One Directioner have rekindled that ol' flame - the twosome went on several dates together back in 2013 but the couple called it quits shortly after they were spotted skiing in Mammoth, California, in January 2014.

According to Us Weekly's source: "Her appearance in the [Victoria's Secret] fashion show is what drew him back to her. All of his friends were saying how hot and amazing she looked."

We're a fan of this courtship - long may it continue.

READ NEXT

The Kardashians have recreated their KUWTK s1 promo & we've legit watched it 10 times

The Kardashians have recreated their KUWTK s1 promo & we've legit watched it 10 times

By Ellie Davis
SOURCE: US WEEKLY

On 2 December 2014, we wrote...

Don't you just hate it when you have to go to an event, knowing that your ex will be there? Well, Harry Styles knows the feeling all too well. Last night, at the 2015 British Fashion Awards, the One Direction star came face-to-face with two of his rumoured ex-girlfriends - Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne.


Rex Features
Harry Styles was pictured reuniting with two of his former flames at the British Fashion Awards - and what's worse - they were together. No surprise there, this pair are always together these days.


Rex Features
READ NEXT

Kendall Jenner: From reality star to ridiculously stylish

Kendall Jenner: From reality star to ridiculously stylish

By Rebecca Fearn
Harry was sat just a few tables away from Cara and Kendall, but far enough to escape an awkward encounter. But oops, they bumped into each other in the corridor.

Rookie mistake, fella!

The 20-year-old, who looked dapper in his Lanvin suit, was snapped making small talk with BFFs Kendall and Cara.

While he was rumoured to be dating reality star Kendall earlier this year, the pair never made it official, and he has been closely linked with Cara before that - the pair went to watch The Book of Mormon together in September of last year.

From the looks of this ex-encounder, everyone seems rather comfortable…

READ NEXT

Kendall Jenner's catwalk moments

Kendall Jenner's catwalk moments

By Leanne Bayley
On 31 July 2014, we wrote...

Harry Styles is rumoured to be dating model Paige Reifler, and Kendall Jenner has been spotted getting cosy with NBA star Chandler Parsons, but according to reports, Kendall believes that she and her ex-boyfriend Harry Styles are "meant to be together."

According to the Daily Star, the 18-year-old model is on a mission to get Harry back, and is planning to use backstage VIP passes for several One Direction shows to rekindle their romance.

Really? Are you sure about that? Kendall Jenner seems way too cool to do that, and way too busy to be loitering around backstage - she has fashion campaigns to shoot!


PA Photos
A source told the newspaper: "The few times Kendall's seen Hazza since their split have made her all the more desperate to get her claws into him again.

READ NEXT

Rihanna & Kendall wore double denim looks yesterday, but why are WE still apologising for it?

Rihanna & Kendall wore double denim looks yesterday, but why are WE still apologising for it?

By Ciara Sheppard
"She believes he's 'The One' and has been telling all her friends they are meant to be together."


Rex Features
However, friends close to the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star are worried that Kendall's scheming plan may back fire on her.

The source explained: "If she isn't careful her neediness might drive Harry further away, rather than bringing them back together."

The pair - who were introduced to each other by their managers - began dating in November last year, but they called it quits just three months later after their conflicting schedules put a strain on their romance.

The source added: "She bitterly regrets agreeing to call it quits and is certain she can rekindle the fire between them."

SOURCE: DAILY STAR

On 24 February 2014, we wrote...

Grab a tissue! It's all over between One Direction's Harry Styles and model Kendall Jenner. That's right, after three months of dating, the pair have reportedly ended things.

A source told The Sun on Sunday: "Kendall has been focusing on her modelling and Harry is preparing for work on the band's fourth album, as well as their stadium tour.

"The reality is that with everything they both have going on, it's impossible to sustain anything serious."

Sad times - we'd picked out a hat for the wedding, and everything.

The source added: "There's been no major fallout. They're definitely still friends and haven't ruled anything out in the future."

It all sounds very amicable and mature, don't you think?

And if you think Kendall Jenner is sat at home watching the One Direction film with a tub of ice-cream, think again! On Saturday, she headed to the launch of her new handbag line with sister Kylie before joining Khloe and Kourtney to watch Miley Cyrus perform her Bangerz show in Los Angeles.

On 3 February 2014, we wrote...

Things appear to be hotting up for Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner as the singer reportedly spent his 20th birthday with his reality TV star girlfriend, Kendall.


Splash News
According to reports, Harry and Kendall celebrated at her father, Bruce Jenner's, £5million Malibu mansion.

A source told the Sunday People, "Kendall was really keen to make Harry's birthday a memorable one. Her dad Bruce owns an ­incredible clifftop holiday home in California which has amazing views."

"The secluded house is perfect for them to spend quality time together. It's also ideal for a party with Kendall's sisters", they added.

The pair have been dating for three months after they met in a TV studio in LA. They have recently been seen driving around LA together.

On Friday, Harry tweeted to thank his fans for donating to charity on his birthday.

"Just saw ­donations to @believeinmagicx for my birthday. Thank you.. You're all very very kind and nice.xx," he posted.

Happy belated birthday Harry!

SOURCE: The Mirror

On 23 January, we wrote...

Could a Harry Styles and Kanye West duet be on the cards?


Splash News
Kanye is reportedly planning to haul Harry into the studio for a solo project - much to the annoyance of Simon Cowell.

Harry, who is rumoured to be dating Kendall Jenner, Kanye's soon-to-be half sister-in-law, was invited by Kanye to make sweet music together after a dinner at the Kardashians, according to Showbiz Spy.

"By the end of that evening, Kanye was inviting Harry to come into the studio to lay down some tracks. Simon freaked when he heard that!" a source said.


Rex Features
But why is Simon so fuming, aside from the fact Harry will fuel One Direction split rumours with his antics? It's Kris Jenner (who asked Harry to be on Keeping Up With The Kardashians), that's got the high-trousered one in a grump:

"Simon knows how controlling and manipulative Kris is because he had dealings with her when Khloe Kardashian co-hosted the U.S. X Factor for one season."

"He's really worried about losing control of Harry. He knows his lead singer's been thinking about a solo career, so the last thing he needs is the Kardashians and Kanye digging their claws into the One Direction star and trying to separate him from the rest of the band - not to mention Simon's record label!"

Whilst we're sure Harry can stand up for himself when it comes to Kris Jenner, we're more intrigued by the idea of a Hazza/Yeezus duet - WHAT would that sound like?!

On Thursday 16 January, we wrote...

Those keeping tabs on all things Kardashian will know that little sisters Kendall and Kylie appeared on US talk show host Chelsea Handler's show Chelsea Lately last night - and naturally, the "H" question was directed at Kendall.

When asked if she was dating Harry Styles, Kendall remained coy as ever, trying to bat away the question.

Chelsea went straight in for the kill, asking: "Are you not public about your love lives?"

"No, we don't talk about it," the girls responded.

"So you're single (signalling to Kylie) and you're not dating Harry Styles (signalling to Kendall), is that his name?," Chelsea continued.

Kendall tried to avoid the question by looking flustered and giggling - refusing to either confirm or deny the claims as Chelsea joked about meeting the 1D hunk to Kendall, saying "I don't know if you know him".

The pair also talked about Kris Jenner and Bruce's recent divorce, with Kendall telling the E! show host:

"I think we're doing fine...It sucks not having a dad living with you but I talk to him everyday."

Watch the clip of the girls below:


On 7 January 2014, we wrote...

It has been reported that the producers of Keeping Up With The Kardashians are eager to get One Direction's Harry Styles on the show.

Duh! Of course they do - it's Harry-blimming-Styles.


Rex Features
The trouble is, Harry ain't so keen, and has reportedly asked his rumoured new girlfriend Kendall Jenner NOT to film any scenes with or about him.

"Harry has told Kendall that he will not appear on Keeping Up With the Kardashians under any circumstances," sources told New York Daily News. "Harry does not want his love life played out across the world on TV.

"Naturally, the producers want Harry on camera."

Think about what would happen to those ratings…

On 6 January 2014, we wrote...

Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner have sent the rumour mill into overdrive, having been snapped together by a fan.

The are they/aren't they pair have been spotted skiing together and fan Allie Connolly Instgrammed her chance meeting with them at a snowboard shop in Mammoth Lakes California.

"Casually hanging out with Kendall Jenner and Harry Styles. #dying."

[instagram id="ir9cKow4dA"]

However it seems Allie didn't expect the backlash from 1Directioners as she took to Twitter to defend the image, ""Lol now I have 14 year olds telling me that I was paid to make this a publicity stunt. Yep, you caught me hahahah," she wrote.

Harry and Kendall have been spotted together on numerous occasions, first stepping out for dinner in November.

Yet the pair have been keen to deny rumours that they are an item with Kendal telling E!that they "are just friends," and Harry telling Piers Morgan that they are not dating and just went out for dinner.

On 16 December 2013, we wrote...

Another day, another picture emerging that suggests this Harry Styles/Kendall Jenner thing could be for real.


Rex Features
Dressed in a plaid shirt, blazer and jeans (after his Keith Richards-inspired headband and crucifix earring get-up on The X Factor), Styles was snapped arriving at Kendall's London hotel in the early hours of Sunday morning, after flying in from France where the band appeared at the NRJ Awards.

The pair have been romantically linked ever since they were seen leaving a restaurant together in Hollywood a month ago. Since then, they've been seen leaving a NYC hotel together and on a few restaurant dates, and they've followed each other on Instagram - which means they're practically MARRIED in celeb-ville.

Kendall took to Instagram to document her time in London - including this rather pretty picture of Big Ben:


Kendall and Harry have both been coy when asked about the relationship, insisting they are nothing more than friends. Question is, how many dinner dates/hotel visits will we hear about until 'Kenry' make their romance official?

On Tuesday, 10 December, we wrote...

More details have emerged regarding that Harry/Kendall date the One Direction star and budding model supposedly went on over the weekend.


Splash News
According to Us Weekly, Harry took Kendall to a gay bar in NYC, Hell's Kitchen's Therapy, for a special themed-night entitled "Gays Gone Wild".

The source added that Harry is a regular at said haunt, and although the pair didn't hit the dancefloor, he left "holding hands" with Kendall when the One Direction hit What Makes You Beautiful came on - for fear of the pair being recognised.

Earlier the same day, 'Kenry' caused a frenzy outside of NYC's Gansevoort hotel when they were pictured leaving together.

With Harry (who was in town for his performance on SNL) dressed in a peacoat and bandana, and Kendall in a crop top, jeans and military jacket, the pair were swamped by fans as they left the hotel to get breakfast. They have reportedly stayed in touch ever since the American Music Awards, with a source telling E! News:

"I've never seen Kendall happier and more fan friendly...They came off the elevator holding hands and then she stood and watched while he posed with fans."

Although both have vaguely denied the dating rumours (Kendall simply said "He's cool, yeah, he's cool... You go out with one person, you're automatically dating them", whilst Harry told Piers Morgan "dunno" when asked to confirm their relationship status), this picture will no doubt send the rumour mill into a frenzy.

On Monday 25 November, we wrote...

Those Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner rumours? Probably not true, if both the parties involved are to be believed.


AKM-GSI
Obviously the internet got a *little* carried away when the two were snapped leaving a dinner date together last week (because having dinner together = married in celeb-land), and both Kendall and Harry denied the dating rumours (if a little coyly) over the weekend.

At the AMAs, Kendall was asked by the E!'s Giuliana Rancic on the red carpet if she was indeed dating Harry. Her response?

"We're friends. He's cool, yeah, he's cool... You go out with one person, you're automatically dating them."

Meanwhile, when quizzed on a possible romance by TV interviewer Piers Morgan, Harry said:"I mean, we went out for dinner, but no, I guess."

And when asked if a romance could be in the pipeline after the one dinner date, Styles simply replied "dunno".

So not exactly a complete denial - but not a glowing declaration of love either.

Stay tuned to see if 'Kenry' (yep, that's what people are calling them) really is on the cards.

On Thursday 21 November, we wrote...

Has the world imploded, or did we actually just see this picture of Harry Styles and Kendall Jenner?

The One Direction star and the Kardashian sister were spotted leaving Craig's restaurant together in Hollywood last night after apparently enjoying a dinner date.

Keen to keep the rendez-vous under wraps, the pair left out of a private backdoor exit. They were then seen driving away together in Styles' Range Rover.

The pair met at the X Factor USA studios, where One Direction recorded their performance for the show this evening (or so says Unreality TV).


It may be a little premature to assume that these two are officially an item, but the Mail Online have already Christened the pair Kenry (the new Kimye, y'all), so we're kind of hoping we're set to see a trans-Atlantic teen power-couple confirm their romance in the coming weeks.
