What Cher Actually Eats in a Day to Stay So Unbelievably Fit

At the Billboard Music Awards, Cher took the stage to perform two of her greatest hits, and we were amazed by how incredible the Billboard Icon Award recipient looks at age 71.

During her set, the singer revealed that she can hold a five-minute plank. "Icon" is right.

We did some digging to find out what the singing legend actually does in a day to stay so toned. We want all of her secrets to healthy aging and how she can hold a plank position for five minutes straight (something us mere mortals can't seem to master longer than a minute, err, fine, 30 seconds).

As she told her Twitter followers, she doesn't eat ham or red meat, and focuses on eating veggie alternatives instead.

"I don't like meat and so most of things that I like are healthy for you," told Hello! in 2013.

In addition to her vegetarian diet, Cher knows the importance of being healthy, and so, she'll rarely drink and never does drugs.

"Being healthy has always been part of my life. It just works for me," she told Closer in 2013. "There are things I don't like that are unhealthy, like drugs and drinking, so I never got into them to begin with. I smoked cigarettes for a while and I'd have done drugs had I liked them, but they didn't agree with me. I'll only drink three of four times a year too."

To keep her body in such amazing shape, the singer knows that certain things are better for your, and so, she sticks to those with nutritional benefits.

"I try to avoid foods with a high fat content because they make me sluggish and keep my weight up," Cher wrote in her 1991 book, Forever Fit. "Dairy products are not good for us. I weaned myself from whole milk to nonfat milk — if I'm having milk at all. I think cheese is one of the worst things for the body. It doesn't digest well, and most cheeses are too high in fat and cholesterol."

It's clearly worked for the 71-year-old star!

Cher admits that sometimes on film sets, she's binged on unhealthy treats from craft services. We can relate!

"I have had some bad binges while making movies. At the end of The Witches of Eastwick, Michelle Pfeiffer, Susan Sarandon and I really went crazy. We'd go from one of our trailers to the other stuffing ourselves with Pepperidge Farm Cheddar Cheese Goldfish, M&Ms, Cokes and Hershey's Kisses," she wrote. "Then Michelle and I found out we could microwave sweet potatoes in four minutes, and that changed our entire lives. We lived on sweet potatoes, baked potatoes and Caesar salads."
