Ariana Grande 'broken' as musicians react to Manchester terror attack

Ariana Grande, whose concert at the Manchester Arena was targeted in an attack on Monday night, has joined other celebrities in expressing horror at the events.

The American pop star, who was not hurt in the blast, tweeted that she was “broken” by news of casualties.

At least 22 people were killed and more than 50 injured after an explosion in or around the foyer area that left thousands of people fleeing. Grande’s European tour, which was due to visit London before dates in Belgium, Poland and Germany, has been suspended. 



Take That, who formed in Manchester in 1990, were playing a show at the Liverpool Echo Arena when the attack happened. In a statement, they said they would cancel the following night’s Liverpool show.

They have also postponed the dates they were due to play at Manchester Arena on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

Blondie canceled a Tuesday night concert in London “as a mark of respect for the victims of the terrible attack”. Lead singer Debbie Harry tweeted that the date at the Round Chapel in Clapton, east London, will be rescheduled.

The rapper Nicki Minaj, a friend of Grande whose vocals are included on her reggae-pop song Side to Side, was among the other celebrities and pop stars who reacted to Monday night’s attack:

Singers Jennifer Lopez and Pink also sent messages of support. On Tuesday afternoon, Rihanna added:

Johnny Marr, former Smiths guitarist and stalwart of Manchester’s music scene, tweeted “Manchester stands together”.

Guy Garvey, the broadcaster and singer with Elbow tweeted: “My hearts broken.”

The legendary Manchester band New Order tweeted in the early hours of Tuesday morning:

Grande’s current Dangerous Woman tour started in Phoenix, Arizona on 3 February followed by stops in Dublin, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and the Netherlands. 



After the Manchester date, she had been due to play in London, Poland, Germany, Switzerland, France, Spain, Italy, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, Thailand and Australia before coming to a the tour came to a close in Hong Kong in September. 



There has been no official message from Grande’s management about whether or not her tour will continue.
