Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Are Definitely Raising a Theater Kid

Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s four-year-old son, Jack, is growing up in what is, essentially, an immersive-theater class. When Pratt spoke to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Friday, he said that he and Faris, both professional actors, take parenting, specifically story time, very seriously.

“We’re strangely competitive with each other when it comes to entertaining him and getting into the characters,” he said, before recounting a recent bedtime-story moment: “We were reading this book, and I’ll start affecting a little accent for the character, and then she’s like, ‘Oh,’ and she starts gesticulating and laughing.”

Pratt said that Jack seemed to pay no interest to his parents’ competing dramatics. But when some version of method acting is happening in your bedroom every night, it’s pretty difficult not to pick up on it.

It helps, too, when your parents trick you in to making an everyday occurrence something out of Lee Strasberg’s lesson plan. When Jack was just three, Faris told Conan O’Brien that she was teaching her toddler to have big, stage-worthy, emotional reactions to everyday events.

Jack seems to come by some very valuable talents naturally, though. In a 2015 interview with Ellen, Pratt told the talk-show host that he often comes to his young son for sound advice. He shared a story of how Jack picked up on tension at a family holiday gathering.

“He says amazing things, profound things,” Pratt said. “I was sitting down and I said, ‘You know, Jack, there's a lot of people here, and it’s very loud, and people are gonna be having a lot of fun. And there might even be some tension.’ And he just said, ‘It’s family.’ I almost started crying. I was like, ‘Thank you, son; you’re right.’ He’s like my therapist.”

Jack is clearly already a perceptive kid—another essential trait for a successful career in theater. Combine that with his parents’ affinity for inundating him with classic Hollywood films, and his acting career will be blossoming before we know it.
