Mehgan James Speaks Out On Rob Kardashian Dating Rumors

Has Rob Kardashian found a new boo in Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Media outlets began reporting last week that Rob and Mehgan were in the "early stages" in their relationship, with an anonymous insider telling In Touch, "Rob's been seeing Mehgan James for almost three months, and most of the Kardashians are very upset about it because Mehgan is known for being out of control and volatile. The Kardashians want Rob to find a woman who is kind and calm."

Shortly after the story began to gain traction, Rob denied even knowing who Mehgan was, writing on social media, "Wait reading online about some chick I'm dating Megan something. Not true never even met her or heard of her before."

After retweeting Rob's Twitter statement, Mehgan later addressed the rumors on her Instagram page, writing, "Before any of you start defaming my character, I'm CLEARLY not dating Rob, nor have I ever confirmed that I was. You all just so happen to believe everything you read."

"I posted one pair of Arthur George socks 2/3 weeks ago & now all of a sudden I'm a homewrecker, a fraud, a hoe," she continued. "I do not control the media, BUT we all know who has the media on their payroll. Sooo... don't point any fingers this way!"

"I'm just 'Megan something,' that most of you never heard of," she went on, referencing Rob's tweet. "I don't have that type of power. I was just as confused as everyone else and was told not to even entertain it."

But here's where it gets interesting. TMZ reports that James was actually the one behind the rumors. According to their sources, Mehgan's team leaked the story to the press in the hopes of building her following.

Mehgan then slammed that story on Instagram too, writing, "I did not fake anything. Like I said I never confirmed that I was dating Rob. Any one that asked I told them it was not true. AND not to mention, the media is trying to make me look like the villain here when THEY are the ones who pieced together a story with no receipts. It takes two people to fake a relationship, any one who fakes a relationship by themselves is a complete idiot!!"

Take a look at Mehgan's full response below.
