This is how Kate Middleton is redecorating Kensington Palace

It was announced in January that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be moving to London later this year, settling in the capital for the long term from Autumn.

With the Duke and Duchess planning to take on more royal engagements and Prince George, 3, due to start school at Thomas’s London Day School in Battersea from September, a move for the family of four made sense.

Announcing the news, they released an official statement: ‘Their Royal Highnesses love their time in Norfolk and it will continue to be their home. From this autumn, however, the Duke and Duchess will increasingly base their family at Kensington Palace. As they have in recent years, their royal Highnesses are keen to continue to increase their official work on behalf of the Queen and for the charities and causes they support, which will require greater time spent in London.’

With the move scheduled to take place in the coming months, it comes as no surprise that the Duke and Duchess are already starting to make Kensington Palace ready for the family or four (plus Lupo the cocker spaniel).

Having renovated the palace a few years back in a £1 million revamp, Kate Middleton is said to be enlisting the help of interior designer to the stars, Ben Pentreath, to help give the palace a more homely vibe.

The designer, who helped decorate her Norfolk home, Amner Hall, and who boasts a star-studded client list from Liv Tyler to Sarah Jessica Parker, is said to be helping Kate to decorate and furnish apartment 1A of Kensington Palace, giving it a traditional and luxurious feel.

According to Hello! magazine, the Duchess has gone for a neutral colour palette, decorating her drawing room with traditional furnishings from long floor-length curtains, plants and tapestry rugs, to cream lamps and gold framed artwork. There’s also said to be a few modern additions, including an octagonal coffee table and some fluffy cushions.

We’re getting some serious interiors envy already – If you’ll excuse us we’re off to buy some cream lamps and fluffy cushions.
