Kim Kardashian flips over paparazzi photos showing her in a bikini on vacation: 'I literally don't look like this!'


 In April, Kim Kardashian West went on vacation in Mexico to celebrate her sister Kourtney's birthday. Paparazzi photos of Kim at the beach quickly surfaced online, prompting some people to criticize the reality TV star's cellulite.

A teaser for this week's upcoming episode of "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" shows Kim reacting to the photos after her former assistant and Kardashian West Brands COO Stephanie Shepherd came across them on her phone.

"Oh my god," Kim said, as she looked at the photos while lounging by the pool with her friends. "Like, I don't get it! Like, I literally don't look like this!"

Speaking directly to the camera, the 36-year-old "KUWTK" star elaborated on her reaction.

"I'm already having this anxiety attack over security, and I'm already just, like, on high alert and now paparazzi's found us, it's like just the scrutiny that we get all the time, we try to avoid that," she said. "I'm doing all the steps to try to be as private and discreet as possible and then you take pictures. And if they're not, like, perfect people just, like, body-shame you. [...] For people to just think that's OK is so frustrating."

Kim then goes inside to "untag" herself in all the pictures that have been posted.

Watch the clip, which we first saw on E! News, below:

When the photos first appeared, Kim had a very different public reaction to the comments about the photos, sending a body-positive tweet that appeared to rise above the criticism she received.

Although Kim's initial response was celebrated, she was criticized for claiming that the pictures were Photoshopped on "The View" in June. In the same interview, she said that the photos encouraged her to start working out more.

"I saw these awful photos of myself when I was on a trip in Mexico and people were Photoshopping them and sharpening them, and they're the worst photos," she said during her appearance on the TV show. "I definitely was not in my best shape. I hadn't worked out in about 12 weeks."

She continued: "I was already not feeling like myself and then when people were like sharpening [the photos] and making them look way worse, and then those were going around, I was like 'OK, I'm going to get it together.'"

Of course, Photoshopped or not, cellulite is a totally normal part of a woman's body. As for Kim's reaction to the pictures, we'll have to wait until the next episode of "KUWTK" to see more.

"Keeping Up With the Kardashians" airs Sunday's on E! 9 p.m. ET.

