A quick trip down memory lane causes a stumble over this gem from Obama. He was gearing up for his first run at the office of President and was spewing lies all over the American public.



“I’ll make our government open and transparent so that anyone can ensure that our business is the people’s business.”

He is finally living up to that with less than a month left to his Presidency. He is not bothering to hide the dirty business he conducts, because he just doesn’t care anymore. Recent months aside, everything that Obama pledged regarding transparency was smoke and mirrors.

Many are speculating that he will step up and stop talking about the Hillary email scandal and simply pardon her from any prosecution. It is in his best interest to do so. His attempts to marginalize the issue by nitpicking the statutory categories of “confidential,” “secret” and “top secret” by commenting that “there’s classified and then there’s classified” were not successful. He then took up the Clinton rhetoric of Russian spies. Since emails from the President to the unsecure Clinton email were found, it is likely that he will try and end the scandal while he still has the power to do so.

A reporter with first-hand knowledge sums up Obama’s “transparent” government, “Obama and his team criminalized reporting, becoming the most secretive White House since Richard Nixon.”

A message on the White House website from Obama makes it clear he still maintains the illusion that his office upheld the pledge of transparency;

“My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government.  We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration. Openness will strengthen our democracy and promote efficiency and effectiveness in Government.”

Every action taken by Barack Hussein Obama was calculated. He knew, as did his advisors and supporters, that he was actively engaged in deception against the United States. David Axelrod was the Chief Strategist for both of Obama’s campaigns. He also served as Senior Adviser to the President until 2011.

He was positioned to not only witness the secrecy that Obama demanded but he was also part of it. After leaving the Obama administration, Axelrod began to hint that things were quite different if we only looked below the surface.

Some of his revelations regarding Obama continue to come as a shock to people who the President painted with the colors of truth.

Obama lied about his support FOR same-sex marriage before announcing his support for it in 2012. “Yet if Obama’s views were ‘evolving’ publicly, they were fully evolved behind closed doors,” Axelrod writes. “The president was champing at the bit to announce his support for the right of gay and lesbian couples to wed.
Obama chewed out Maureen Dowd on the campaign plane during the 2008 campaign. “No one got under Barack’s skin more than Maureen … He was patronizing and disrespectful.” This is a direct contradiction to the calm, composed, Obama that Axelrod had helped to portray. He even lashed out at Axelrod.
“Obama can have a short fuse, though he hides it from the public: The president called Axelrod a “mother—–r” and stalked out of a meeting after his strategist criticized the president’s debating techniques as Obama prepared for his 2012 debate with Republican nominee Mitt Romney” says Axelrod.
While those incidents speak to Obama’s two-faced behavior, some of the secrecy of his administration can be summed up as simply lies;

Lie: Obama has told the world there has never been a better friend of Israel in the White House.

Truth: In September 2012, an Israeli newspaper reported that senior Obama Administration officials have told Tehran that Barack Obama does not intend to join Israel in any attack on Iran’s nuclear installations.

Lie: In May 2011, Obama said the fence between America and Mexico was “basically complete.”

Truth: The Department of Homeland Security admits just 36.3 miles or 5% of the border is fenced.

Lie: Obama lied and said abortions would not be publicly funded under Obamacare.

Truth: A March 2012 edict from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) unequivocally ruled Obamacare will use our tax dollars to fund abortion.

Ben Rhodes was Obama’s partner in crime when it comes to one of the biggest lies of the administration; the Iran nuclear treaty. Rhodes, Obama’s Deputy National Security Adviser, openly admitted his contempt for journalists, “All these newspapers used to have foreign bureaus. Now they don’t. They call us to explain to them what’s happening in Moscow and Cairo. Most of the outlets are reporting on world events from Washington. The average reporter we talk to is 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around political campaigns. That’s a sea change. They literally know nothing.”

He later admitted more to David Samuels, a writer profiling Rhodes for a New York Times Magazine cover story; “In the spring of last year, legions of arms-control experts began popping up at think tanks and on social media, and then became key sources for hundreds of often-clueless reporters. We created an echo chamber. They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say.” Rhodes was obviously not ashamed to display his contempt.

Fast forward to the present day and the new level of corruption that Obama reached when dealing with journalist James Rosen. In 2006, Risen published “State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration.” Unsurprisingly, President Bush did not take kindly to the book and his administration turned the whole situation into an investigation of government whistleblowers.

Risen was subpoenaed to reveal his sources, something he vehemently refused to do. He speaks about the attempt by Presidents to try and spin these stories; “Well, they have gone after investigative reporting. They try to take, essentially, stories that they don’t like, and try to find some classified information that might be part of that, and then turn it into a criminal leak investigation in which they say someone mishandled or disclosed classified information. As you know, you could do that with virtually any story in Washington.”

Since then Risen has fought the Bush administration and then the Obama administration. In 2009, Obama took a rather unprecedented step of renewing a subpoena scheduled to expire that year. He was probably hoping nobody remembered that when in 2014 speech he told reporters; “Here, in the United States of America, police should not be bullying or arresting journalists who are just trying to do their jobs and report to the American people on what they see on the ground.”

In 2010, despite Risen keeping his sources confidential, the federal government indicted Jeffrey A. Sterling, a former CIA operative, with leaking the classified information to Risen. He continued his defiance, facing jail time, when the government ordered him to appear as a witness at the trial of Sterling.

Finally in January of 2015, after 7 years of uncertainty, the government decided not to call Risen in the trial. His fight for the truth had finally won.

Risen is a good example of how the Obama administration has fought the very ideas that he promised to uphold. It is very likely that we will see more insiders coming forward to open up about Obama’s years in the White House. The truth would be a refreshing change.

A supporter of Risen, Jerry Kammer, a former Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter who now works at the Center for Immigration Studies, has this to say about President Obama;

“He promised to be a different kind of president. But he has only suppressed efforts to disclose the government’s misdeeds. His administration has been untransparent at so many levels.”