Donald Trump was promised a smooth and respectful transition by President Barack Obama, but it’s been anything but. Obama’s massive ego and thin skin now has him publicly degrading Trump’s landslide Electoral College victory and diligently working behind the scenes to thwart the will of the people.

Barack Obama sat in the Oval Office with Donald Trump about one month ago and vowed to do his best to foster a peaceful transition of power and to carry out the desire of the American people. Those lofty sentiments turned snarky quickly when it came time for Obama to start packing up his belongings and vacate the people’s house.

 Follow
 Donald J. Trump ? @realDonaldTrump
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
9:07 AM - 28 Dec 2016
  16,738 16,738 Retweets   53,680 53,680 likes
Over the course of the past month, Obama added a record number of new regulations across a myriad of federal agencies that try to control our lives – and livelihoods. In the past few days, he surpassed his own record and likely isn’t done trying to curtail President-Elect Trump’s authority after he is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.

Obama instructed his ambassador to the United Nations to abstain from a vote which drastically impacted one of our most staunch allies, Israel. A veto by the United States, which has been done in the past, would have prevented the U.N. Security Council from attempting to create a “two-state solution” between Israel and the Palestinians by demanding that settlement building in disputed areas cease immediately.

Very quietly, Obama also welcomed more than 2,000 new Muslim refugees onto American soil. These people, largely men, already had their asylum requests denied by the Australian government. They were being held in a detention facility when Obama decided the American taxpayers should begin paying for their resettlement – regardless of the risks to national security.

President Obama had heralded George W. Bush’s commitment to a respectful transition and promised his distraught staff would adhere to the same level of professionalism and decorum. Instead, he led the charge to behave like a petulant spoiled child himself.

First, Michelle Obama sat down for a chat with Oprah Winfrey and claimed America is now without hope. Tens of millions of Americans are feeling hopeful for the first time in eight years, but those of us who live in flyover country or are part of blue collar communities or the middle class really don’t matter to liberals.

Lashing out at Donald Trump because We the People chose him over a corrupt, lying career politician simply showcases how shallow and self-involved Barack Obama and his wife truly are. There is nothing Democrats in Congress can do to stop Trump’s agenda from passing—thanks to Harry Reid’s short-sighted pushing for the “nuclear option.”

Michael Moore and his horde of liberal followers will not be able to stop Trump from being sworn in on January 20 – nor will they succeed in pushing his oath-taking ceremony inside. The efforts of #Disrupt20 protesters will fail just as surely as Jill Stein’s recount endeavors.

If Barack Obama wanted his legacy to involve appearing small, glib, and completely delusional, he has succeeded. He is now nothing more than a frustrating nuisance for President-Elect Donald Trump and the patriotic Americans who cast ballots in his favor. Soon Obama will finally be gone, and Trump can repeal his foolish liberal regulations and executive orders and put the nation back on the track to greatness and prosperity for ALL!