On Tuesday, the Times of Israel reported that an Egyptian newspaper published what it called transcripts of meetings between top US officials — including Secretary of State John Kerry — and Palestinian officials that could, if true, prove Israel’s accusations that the Obama regime was behind the anti-Israel UN resolution approved by the Security Council.

According to the Times of Israel:

At the same time, a report in an Israeli daily Tuesday night pointed to Britain helping draft the resolution and high drama in the hours leading up to the vote, as Jerusalem tried to convince New Zealand to bury the Security Council measure.

In a meeting in early December with top Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat, US Secretary of State John Kerry told the Palestinians that the US was prepared to cooperate with the Palestinians at the Security council, Israel’s Channel 1 TV said, quoting the Egyptian Al-Youm Al-Sabea newspaper.

Also present at the meeting were US National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and Majed Faraj, director of the Palestinian Authority’s General Intelligence Service.

Kerry is quoted as saying that he could present his ideas for a final status solution if the Palestinians pledge they will support the proposed framework. The US officials advised the Palestinians to travel to Riyadh to present the plan to Saudi leaders.

According to the Times, the Egyptian report fits Israeli claims that it has “ironclad” proof the Obama regime helped craft the anti-settlement resolution.

“We have ironclad information that emanates from sources in the Arab world and that shows the Obama administration helped craft this resolution and pushed hard for its eventual passage,” said David Keyes, spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

Additionally, the Guardian said Israel may provide this information to the incoming Trump administration:

Doubling down on the claim a few hours later the controversial Israeli ambassador to Washington, Ron Dermer, went even further suggesting it had gathered evidence that it would present to the incoming Trump administration.

“We will present this evidence to the new administration through the appropriate channels. If they want to share it with the American people, they are welcome to do it,” Dermer told CNN.

According to Dermer, not only did the US not stand by Israel’s side during the vote, it “was behind this ganging up on Israel at the UN”.

Jeff Dunetz noted:

Israel fears that Kerry lays out his comprehensive vision for two-state solution and then turns it into another Security Council resolution imposing additional anti-Israel settlement terms on Israel, or at upcoming peace conference in Paris on Jan. 15 that Israel is not attending, all before the Israel-hating Obama leaves the White House three weeks from this coming Friday. Another possibility is the US recognizing a Palestinian State, any of the above eliminates the possibility of a negotiated solution.

The Egyptian report did not detail whose transcripts of the meeting it had obtained or how it had obtained them.

At the end of the meeting, the report said,  Rice and Kerry requested that the content of the discussion remain secret because of the sensitivity of the matter during the transition period in the U.S. The same way Kerry kept negotiations for the Iran deal secret from Israel until it was too late.

The Obama regime, however, has denied allegations that it was behind the resolution.

“We did not draft this resolution; we did not introduce this resolution. We made this decision when it came up for a vote,” Obama deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said Friday.