President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey is once again making accusations that the United States is directly supporting ISIS. He’s been mixed up in rumors of his supposed profiteering from the illicit ISIS oil trade in the past, so his accusations carry with them a need for healthy skepticism. Still, he is adamant in his allegations and says he’s got irrefutable evidence.

His claims go beyond the single step of removal from direct involvement, our maintaining the implausible plausible deniability of aiding the so-called “freedom fighters” or rebels, the insulation the US has relied upon in arming, training and financing Obama’s terrorist allies in the past. It’s more than an acknowledgment of the rebranding of ISIS terrorists, our supposed enemy, as anonymous factions under the White House subversive.

It’s beyond the contention of the Russians or the photographic evidence that John McCain was foolish enough to provide, what is basically little more than a choice in headscarf colors, the difference between their equivalent of the crips and the bloods, as being the “legitimizing factor” for aiding our terrorist enemies as the non-existent moderate freedom fighters.

Erdogan said in his Tuesday comments that he has “confirmed evidence” that US-led forces have supported ISIS. Erdogan stated in no uncertain terms that “it’s very clear” the US is supporting ISIS. He said, “They were accusing us of supporting Daesh (ISIS). Now they give support to terrorist groups including Daesh, YPG, PYD. It’s very clear. We have confirmed evidence, with pictures, photos and videos.” YPG and PYD are Kurdish groups that Erdogan regards as terrorists operating against Turkey.

Flanked by the visiting Guinean President Alpha Conde, Erdogan said, ”The coalition forces are unfortunately not keeping their promises. Whether they do or they don’t, we will continue along this path in a determined way. There is no going back on the path we have set out on.”

Erdogan complained “They are supporting all the terror groups — the YPG, PYD but also including Daesh (ISIS)  It’s quite clear, perfectly obvious,” he said, adding that Turkey could provide proof in pictures and video. During a November visit to Pakistan Erdogan made similar claims, alleging “the West stands by Daesh (ISIS) right now” and its weapons were Western-made. At the time he declined to provide his evidence for inspection.

He needs to be more forthcoming this time around. If he’s got the evidence, show it. Certainly none of us would be surprised to learn that Obama is behind ISIS, it’s already well known. We would like to put our hands on his proof, though, in order to properly charge Obama and convict him.