Finding a performer for the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump has not been easy, because many famous Liberals are still sitting up on their high horses.

Jackie Evancho, a teenage opera singer who got her start on America’s Got Talent, has agreed to sing the National Anthem for the inauguration. Many liberals have attacked her and her family, but proud Americans have supported her. Her music sales have quadrupled thanks to the American people! (via Breitbart)

Evancho’s 2011 “Dream With Me” album and her 2010 “O Holy Night” are both sitting at No. 2 on the Billboard charts because of the American people and the pride they have in their country and this talented girl!

For her part, Jackie Evancho has expressed her excitement to sing at this event, which is a breath of fresh air compared to the other singers who have flat out refused to be a part of it, even though they were not even asked in the first place.

“I have recently been asked by the President-elect to perform the National Anthem for the swearing-in ceremony at the inauguration,” Evancho stated. “I’m so excited. It’s going to be awesome.” At least someone has some American pride.

But liberals, of course, aren’t about to hold back their disdain, even against a teenage girl. This is particularly ironic because of the details of Evancho’s family.

“My family is kind of a big target. I have a transgender sister and so a lot of hate goes towards us,” Evancho claimed. “But I also get a lot of love. So, we pay most attention to that. Sometimes we get really annoyed with the hate, everyone does, we have to admit it but we just ignore it.”

So, Liberals are adding further hate directed at an innocent family who are trying to support their transgender member. I thought liberals were supportive of transgender people? Apparently they only care about the hate directed at them if the transgender person agrees with their political views.

At 16, Jackie Evancho’s list of accomplishments already includes six studio albums. Her “O Holy Night EP” made her the youngest solo artist to reach platinum on the U.S. Billboard and also ranked her as the No. 1 Classical Albums Artist of 2011.

As one of the few people who are scheduled to perform for Donald Trump’s inauguration, the young singer clearly has a ton of talent. The Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir also planned to perform for the incoming President.

Liberals are nothing but a bunch of sore losers, and the fact that they would harass a young girl because of her choice to perform is sickening. The truth is, Liberals will direct their hatred at anyone if they can’t get their way.