It turns out that the election may have been rigged after all. It’s just that Hillary Clinton and her Democrats can’t do any job right.

Entire precincts surrounding Detroit may be un-recountable, due to suspected voter fraud! Officials have found that, in hundreds of cases, the poll book numbers do not match the electronic voting machine printouts, as per The Detroit News.

Michigan state law holds that if a precinct is unable to be recounted, then the original count must stand.

Some of the problems may be due to biased elections staff. The machines used in Michigan, according to Detroit Elections Director Daniel Baxter, are quite old. In fact, 87 of the machines’ optical scanners broke on election day.

When there is such a problem with the machines, a ballot may get jammed in the scanner. The election staff then has to pull the ballot out and try again. This could result in a ballot being counted twice, or even six times, as the staff tries to get the ballot into the machine again and again.

The staff can manually erase the duplicate votes, but Baxter says that “in many cases, [they] failed to do so.” What, they forgot? Or perhaps they wanted to count the vote multiple times?

Of course, many of these precincts are strongly Democrat, at least according to historic voting trends. This includes Wayne County where Clinton received roughly two-thirds of the vote. If such widespread voter fraud has occurred, perhaps Michigan is a lot less blue than we thought.

There are other explanations for the vote discrepancies as well. As WND is reporting, Republican candidate Ken Crider has been keeping a close eye on his District’s elections process. Crider said, in a Facebook post, “Penny’s precinct, Detroit Precinct #152, had an unbroken seal and everything looked proper. The tag on the box said 306 and the book said 306 and the ticket said 306, so there should be 306 paper ballots on the box, right?”

“Well, when they pulled out the ballots, the stack seemed short, and when they finished separating the two page ballot to count the presidential page only, guess how many ballots were in the box? 304 no, 299 nope, 200 nada, how about 100 wrong again. There were only exactly 50 paper ballots in a locked sealed box that again was supposed to have 306. HMMMM.” Crider is right to point out this mysterious circumstance.

If the seal was unbroken and there were no holes in the ballot box, then why was there an incorrect amount of ballots in there? It would be understandable to be off by one vote, but to be off by hundreds is highly suspicious and points, once again, to the election staff.

In my opinion, each of these staff members should be barred from working elections again. Whether through negligence or intention, something very bad has been going on here.

H/T: Angry Patriot Movement

What do you think of these revelations from the Michigan recount effort? Please share this story on Facebook and tell us what you think because we want to hear YOUR voice!