The Trump/Arpaio double press conferences on Dec.15, which will unravel the proof against Obama about his birth certificate, are getting coverage in the media.
The net is closing in on Obama, have you noticed?

Have you prepared yourself?

Obama’s heading for the courts for his forged birth certificate and he’ll be handed down thousands of years of jail time. Indeed, he committed High Treason and his crime is more heinous than any of Hitler or Stalin’s crimes, seeing Obama got the nuclear codes which those two didn’t.

 

King of Shambhala
 
also see here for me…. Mentally ill and criminal trolls have been heckling me for years because they object to the fact I’m the Messiah and nothing they say, can change that truth because I alone reveal that the lottery in Obama’s homestate drew 666 (the Mark of the Beast aka the Number of the Antichrist) the day after his election. Wikipedia says that to troll is a pathological behaviour. Ignore the trolls: they’re crazy. 

I’m a person of high spiritual realization (University Tibetan culture/language studies, 8-month meditation retreat, foremost Buddhist Kalachakra authority). My family is a royal family (our relative Count Leo Tolstoy is the highest/ most ancient royal aristocratic lineage in Russia) from Norway, and among others my grandmother’s aunt Else Werring was the Royal Norwegian Palace’s “Mistress of the Robes” (the hostess/organizer of the royal palace’s events) for 27 years, until 1985.

Sheriff Joe Arpaio has just started blasting Obama with the full force, so now Team Trump, Larry Klaymann and Orly Taitz and us all will have to sue Obama together for stealing our lives by his forged birth certificate. Follow me in revealing the Antichrist Obama and his forged birth certificate which proves his High Treason.

Obama Says “F U America! I am NOT Leaving Office!” Whips Us The Bird


 

Watch a movie for children and talk about drinking in the a.m.: alcoholism. Disgraceful example! When he whips us all off… in a skit about him “leaving office”… I interpret Obama to be defying the will of America stating he’s saying in office. Short clip from the 2016 WH Correspondence Dinner. No way will I say this is “accidental”. 

YT eventually will TAKE DOWN ALL CHANNELS that expose the NWO