WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Barack Obama will exercise his presidential powers this week when he signs an executive order directing the Supreme Court to indefinitely suspend the 22nd Amendment. Coming on the heels of the Conservative Political Action Conference held at Maryland’s National Harbor, President Obama announced his decision to temporarily end presidential term limits, saying, “I’m not seeing any potential presidential candidates on either side of the aisle who are capable of carrying out the task of running the country.”

Citing “poor performance” on the part of a Republican-controlled congress, the struggling economy, and the continuing situation with ISIS, Obama said he feels “obligated” to continue his term in order to steer the country away from crisis “just like Roosevelt.”

“This is not something out of the ordinary,” says political analyst Elliot Stabler. “We already have several states with no gubernatorial term limits. Connecticut, Idaho, Massachusetts, Washington, Vermont, New York, just to name a few. In fact Michael Bloomberg repealed term limits in order to run for a third time as New York City mayor.”

In addition Mr. Obama has ordered the National Guard to remain on standby in the months leading up to and during his third term. He will issue a second executive order authorizing the Department of Justice to temporarily suspend Habeas Corpus in the event a state of emergency is declared due to opposition to his decision to continue the presidency.

The Twenty-second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution was ratified on February 27th, 1951 and sets a limit of two four-year terms for the office of the President of the United States. Since ratification there have been several unsuccessful attempts to repeal the 22nd Amendment. Most recently Democratic congressman Barney Frank and Senator Harry Reid introduced legislation to repeal presidential term limits. Republican Senator Mitch McConnell has sought to pass similar legislation. All three congressmen support Obama’s decision to take on another term, which begins January 20th, 2017.