The American President-elect Donald Trump has officially announced this morning that Sarah Palin is to become the new Science and Technology Adviser.

Critics of the administration have already voiced their concerns over the choice of the former Alaska governor, known to be a fierce climate change denier, to lead the White House Office of Science and Technology of the United States.

“ Far too long has the Chinese narrative over climate change kept our economy in a rut. It’s time to open the pumps and as I like to say: Drill, baby, drill! ”

– Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor

 whitehousepalin
Scientists and academics alike have already voiced concerns that Sarah Palin’s strong disbelief in climate change could have dramatic consequences for the planet.
“God killed the dinosaurs”

Some scientists openly fear that Sarah Palin could be the end of the science establishment as we know it and would relegate the Office of Science and Technology “to the dark ages”.

“I mean, this is scary as hell” explains climatologist Dan B. Evans from the University of California, Berkeley.

“The woman claimed in an interview in 2009 that God killed the dinosaurs and that he had sent the flood to purge the dinosaurs off of the earth,” he warned, visibly concerned.

“With Sarah Palin as director of the Office of Science and Technology, we are definitely stepping into la-la land” he adds.

A scientific community in disbelief

Sarah Palin’s strong stance against climate change in the past has earned her an army of detractors, especially within environmentalist circles.

In a 2009 UN statement that acknowledged that 97% of climate experts agree humans are causing global warming, Sarah Palin responded, “the documents show that there was no real consensus even within the CRU crowd” and called the 2007 IPCC report a “load of rubbish” and a “fraud”.

“With irresponsible leaders such as Trump and Palin in the White House, polar ice cap melting will increase dramatically and waters could rise an easy 33% in the next ten years” has even admitted James Hillocks, a top Greenpeace climate scientist.

Environmentalists fear the worst as President-elect Donald Trump has already threatened to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Pact, potentially dealing a death blow to the whole accord by refuting the international consensus on climate change, believe experts.