Today, a young woman working for an anti-child trafficking organization was laid to rest.  Her name was Monica Petersen, and she turned up dead in Haiti on Sunday after posting “I Found A Smoking Gun” on social media.  Her friends and family are calling foul as her family cannot get believable information from Haitian authorities, and Ms. Petersen just happened to publicly post some reports that implicate the Clintons’ involvement in alleged human trafficking via a mine run by Hillary Clinton’s brother Tony Rodham.

A compilation of the various threads from reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Imgur and more can be found on the Reddit The Donald page here.


Go figure.  Just like any number of people either close to the Clintons or investigating them who could possibly end up a material witness during a trial, Ms. Petersen ends up dead.  This, for those following the “fake news” propaganda coming out of globalists, leftists, and the disgraced legacy media, is why there is a “Clinton Body Count.”  Monica Petersen’s name may well be added to it.


According to several reports, Haiti has been a nexus for child trafficking for a number of years.  In fact, found in the thousands of emails released by WikiLeaks from John Podesta’s email account, information surfaced that Hillary Clinton assisted a Haitian woman, Laura Silsby, known to be involved in child trafficking in 2010 when she was caught trying to take 33 children – not orphans – out of Haiti.  The two women’s history is known to reach back at least fifteen years.  Also in the Podesta emails are several archaic conversations about pizza that have taken on the aura of internet lore (what some call conspiracy theories) known as #pizzagate, and reportedly is the tip of the iceberg in an international child trafficking ring.

The rabbit hole gets very deep when one considers how many times Bill Clinton is known to have traveled Jeffrey Epstein’s private child molestation island.

Did Monica Petersen get too close? A tenacious young woman investigating one of the most egregious crimes any human can commit, if she got too close to the criminal element and was known to them, it is a definite possibility.  A good friend of hers named Bella claims she found out what happened and is refusing to elaborate on public next-pagemessaging boards.  Whatever the case is, the people around the Clintons and those investigating them sure do tend to end up dead.