(NaturalNews) If a thug points a gun to your head, hands you a piece of paper, and says, “Sign this contract,” is the contract legally binding?

Of course it isn’t. It was coerced under the threat of violence, and no court in the nation would uphold the contract as legally binding.

Yet right now, electoral voters all across America are being essentially held at gunpoint, threatened with being killed if they don’t change their votes to oppose Donald Trump. The dishonest mainstream media is further amplifying the coercion by running an organized psyop campaign of disinfo (“psyop” means psychological operations) which falsely claims the Russians “hacked” the election, despite the complete absence of a shred of evidence to support the narrative.

The Russian hack conspiracy delusion has already been completely discredited. It turns out the DNC emails were leaked by a democrat insider who supported Bernie Sanders. The handing over of the emails took place in a wooded area in Washington D.C. and had nothing whatsoever to do with the Russians.

“Electors around the country are being harassed with a barrage of emails, phone calls and letters — and even death threats — in an effort to block Donald Trump from being voted in as president by the Electoral College on Monday,” reports the NY Post today.

The NY Post also reports:

Reports of GOP electors being badgered have been reported in numerous states, including Georgia, Idaho, Tennessee, Arizona, Utah and Michigan.

For Michael Banerian, a senior at Oakland University in Michigan and a Republican elector, the harassment comes with a dark side.

He said he’s been getting death threats via email, snail mail, Twitter and Facebook.

“Somebody threatened to put a bullet in the back of my mouth,” Banerian, 22, told The Post on Wednesday.

Leftists are “kidnapping” electoral voters and holding them for ransom

What you may not know is that these death threats are a coordinated campaign to threaten electoral voters into throwing the election. Yet the very existence of such persistent, coordinated death threats means that We the People must correct the electoral votes, knowing that many such votes will be cast under the threat of being killed. Thus, electoral votes cast under threat or violence are not legally binding. They may be “reclaimed” by the courts and corrected to represent the will of the voters in their states.

In essence, the political left — organized by international terrorist money man George Soros and people with ties to both the White House and Hillary Clinton — has “psychologically kidnapped” the electoral voters, and they’re demanding a kind of “ransom” or they will be killed. That ransom is a vote for anyone other than Donald Trump.

In other words, this is a “political mugging” where the radical left is holding a gun to their heads and saying, “Your vote or your life.”

And if they manage to switch 37 electoral votes through such death threats, the left will declare a “victory” for America, proclaiming the very people they threatened with being killed as being “heroes” for saving the country.

Unbelievable, isn’t it? This is right out of the Kim Jong-Un playbook for how to run a brutal dictatorship, which is probably why the radical left loves it so much. If you do what they want, you’re heralded as a national hero. If you don’t do what they want, you get a bullet in the head.

This really is the way liberals exert power, by the way, which is precisely why the DNC leaks happened in the first place: Some Bernie Sanders supporters were so angry at the Clinton collusion and corruption, they decided to expose the DNC by handing over leaked emails to Wikileaks. The democrats only have themselves to blame for losing the election because the truth came out.

Lawless democrats have no respect for real democracy… they’re pushing America toward a civil war they will quickly lose

What these tactics reveal is how lawless democrats have no respect whatsoever for the laws of this nation. Acting as crybullies and domestic terrorists, if they don’t get their way, they threaten to shoot everybody who disagrees with them. (Sound familiar? Look up the history of China’s “Cultural Revolution.”)

That’s the kind of behavior we see from totalitarian dictators in places like Cuba, North Korea or Communist China. And it’s perfectly aligned with the tyrannical philosophy of the political left: If they don’t get their way, they threaten to kill everyone who opposes them.

I’ve got news for those who espouse such threats of violence, coercion and lawlessness: We the People will stop you by invoking the Second Amendment to protect the Republic. And after we stop you, we will imprison you and charge you with crimes of treason. From there, the courts can decide what punishment is appropriate for your crimes.

Once President Trump is sworn into office, I hope he unleashes a massive investigation into all those who made death threats against the electoral voters. Those individuals must be arrested, imprisoned and charged with serious felony crimes, including sedition. Putting a gun to the heads of electoral voters is a very serious thing. It threatens the sanctity of the entire Republic. Such threats cannot go unpunished.

Hey, we can finally put all those FEMA camps to good use!

In observing all this, I’ve come to realize the radical left is going to push America into a civil war. But I also believe a civil war won’t last very long because the left will be very quickly defeated by a combination of police, military and armed American patriots fighting alongside law enforcement.

It turns out all those FEMA camps will come in handy after all: That’s where we can put all the left-wing terrorists and traitors who tried (but failed) to overthrow the country. There, we’ll pump in broadcasts of Sean Hannity and Michael Savage until we break the NLP hypnosis programming the left-wingers have been subjected to for the last eight years under Obama, a master of linguistic subterfuge.

Over time, some of them might be rehabilitated to the point where they can rejoin society as sane, rational citizens instead of the mentally ill crybullies they are today. After all, we want to help these people heal their mental illness wherever possible. Unlike the radical left which wants to kill everyone they don’t agree with, conservative Americans are far more interested in saving lives and uplifting our fellow brothers and sisters, no matter what sort of psychological trauma they were subjected to by CNN, the Washington Post and the New York Times.

Remember: The same kind of psyop the media is running right now against the electoral voters has been pursued for years against liberals and progressives. That’s why they are so traumatized by reality: They’ve been poisoned, programmed, hypnotized and traumatized by the left-wing media for as long as they can remember!

It’s time to finally set all Americans free from the psychological prisons that have been built for them by the corrupt political left. That effort begins anew on January 20, 2017, which is precisely why the radical left is planning to stage a mass uprising on that day. They last thing the left wants is Americans who aren’t subjected to a daily dose of left-wing propaganda.

Stay tuned to NaturalNews.com and NewsTarget.com for more details as all this moves forward. I’m also launching a new live broadcast show in 2017 to cover breaking news in real time.