A woman who knows first-hand the brutality of ISIS testified before Congress not too long ago, and she had some pretty damning words for outgoing President Obama.

“The USA must act. We must terminate DAESH [Islamic State] and all such terror,” former ISIS sex slave Nadia Murad said through a translator.


Murad, who escaped captivity in 2014, also spoke out on the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando that killed 49 Americans. She said she wasn’t surprised.

“I knew if ISIS were not stopped, they would spread their crimes everywhere.”

And just like a cancer that continues to metastasize and slowly eat away at a person’s insides, her self-fulfilling prophecy has come true in more ways than one.

Obama is just like an inept doctor in that regard, and Murad called him out on it:

“If a country as strong as your country cannot protect its citizens in Orlando, or in Belgium or in France, how come a small minority like us can protect ourselves while we are in the heart of the land where radicals are?” Murad said bravely.

Well, Ms. Murad, it might have something to do with the fact we are knee-deep in the bull pen called political correctness. Obama’s decision not to call radical Islamic terrorism by its name and his choice to redact the original 9-1-1 transcript from the Pulse gunman bore witness to that fact back in June.

And where was the outrage after the Pulse massacre when the 2013 FBI investigation into the gunman was dropped due to concerns of Islamophobia? Where is the outrage now that 12 people in Berlin are dead and their families devastated? Where’s the outrage that Russia has responded appropriately while we are still sitting on our butts? Don’t we realize President Obama could have prevented all of this a long time ago?

I’ll bet Nadia Murad does. Our president should have lost his right to govern for not responding effectively to this threat. He and his liberal brethren just call people on the other side of the aisle “racist” and allow the bodies to continue to pile up due to their inept leadership.

H/T: Angry Patriot Movement

What do YOU think about this former ISIS sex slave and her warning to take the threat of radical Islamic terrorism seriously? Please share this story on Facebook and tell us because OUR voice is YOUR voice!