Twenty millennial snowflakes want us to believe they got beat down by FOUR Trump supporters. And these alleged victims have ZERO evidence to support their claims.

Peter Soeller, a New York City student and civil rights activist, tweeted that he and approximately 20 of his pals were attacked by Donald Trump supporters after they left a party on Saturday night, BizPac Review reports. According to Soeller, his buddies were merely walking down the street “chanting” and laughing when four or five Trump supporters suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

The Trump supporters “confronted us and assaulted us yelling, ‘Blue Lives Matter’ ‘Get out of my country,’ calling us ‘faggots’ and ‘commies as they wailed on us,” Soeller tweeted. So, there were 20 millennials on their way home from a Black Lives Matter party and not a single one of them had a cellphone to whip out and take a few seconds of video of the alleged beating?

Millennials are rarely ever separated from their phones—doing so could lead to them missing the chance for yet another inane selfie. It is beyond illogical to think 20 college kids would leave for a night out and not one of them had a working phone.

Soeller and his friends were on their way home from the “Decolonize This Place” party when they were allegedly stopped by a small handful of Trump supporters. Soeller claims he and two others were the most seriously injured.

“No more pettiness, time to organize,” Soeller also said in his tweet. He claimed the roving mini horde of Trump supporters were trolling the streets looking for “queer anti-Trump activists.”

The anti-police activist also made a baseless claim about the four or five attackers who supposedly beat up the 20 millennials. Soeller claimed the Trump supporters were “off-duty cops.”

Why did Soeller leap to such a wild accusation? The “build” of the attackers and the “way they took us down,” convinced the college student the unknown men had to be police officers.

Trump supporter attack stories appear to be all the rage since the election. The elusive Trump fans wander around city streets in search of millennials to whomp on – at least that is what the snowflakes claim.

One such story has already been debunked. A Muslim college student who claimed she was attacked by Trump supporters who hurled Islamic slurs at her was actually just trying to stay out of trouble with her strict parents.

The Muslim girl had stayed out too late in the evening with her boyfriend and needed a sympathetic story to tell the folks. She went into great detail when describing the alleged attack to police officers, who quickly realized far too many holes existed in her tall tale.

We’ll just have to wait and see if such holes start piling up in this case. I’m sure the involved police officers will be paying extra close attention in the case of this cop-hating agitator and his 20 friends, who couldn’t take on four or five “cop built” guys.

Please share this story on Facebook and tell us what you think because we want to hear YOUR voice!