Lou Dobbs focuses on the prominent role the month of March has played in the Clinton email and other scandals. He calls it “The troublesome ides of March, especially March of last year. For a number of reasons that month has proven to be pivotal in the scandal over her use of a ‘private’ server to conduct official State Department business, communicating by email over that server.”

He points out that it was the New York Times that broke the email story back in March of 2015, with the latest batch of WikiLeaks emails indicating that the Clinton team has been scrambling ever since. Dobbs plays a clip of Obama lying about his knowledge of Clinton using a personal email account to conduct government business.”

673-lou-dobbs-clinton-1200

In an interview Obama was asked, “Mr. ‘president,’ when did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the US government for official business while she was Secretary of State?” Obama responded with a blatant lie, saying, “The same time everybody else learned it through news reports.”

Mr. Dobbs points out the fact that “Everybody else, however, didn’t believe the ‘president’ when he said that. And Clinton’s top aide, Cheryl Mills, certainly knew better. It was she who told Podesta, ‘We need to clean this up,’ noting the ‘president’ has emails from Hillary that do not say ‘State.gov.'”

Dobbs goes on to tell his audience that Clinton had just days earlier conspired with Obama to hold back emails despite being subpoenaed by Congress. In that instance Podesta cities executive privilege. Dobbs points out that March was also when the firm managing her server, Platte River Networks, deleted her email archive using Bleachbit, despite that subpoena.”

March was also the month that Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe suggested that the wife of a strategically placed FBI official run for the Virginia State Senate. He also donated $467,000 to her campaign and then promoted him to the number two position in the FBI, in charge of the Clinton “investigation.”

Dobbs closes, saying, “As I have always said, there are no coincidences when it comes to the Clintons, and these latest revelations show how far their corruption extends within our government in Washington DC.