The Berlin attack is opening people’s eyes to the situation at hand, and they are blaming terrorist organizations like ISIS, but they’re not the only ones facing people’s wrath.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel is facing huge backlash in the aftermath of the terrorist attack that killed 12 people—because of her open immigration policies, as per The Sun.

Many people are saying it is because of her that this attack took place, because of her sympathy for Muslim refugees seeking asylum in any country that will take them.

But there’s one problem with these refugees—wherever they go, attacks, murders, and rapes are increasing. Anywhere where these migrants are, violence follows.

It’s not looking good for the chancellor, who is up for reelection soon. She may not even get a chance to do so with so many of the German people calling for her blood. Many are blaming her for these deaths of innocent people.

“These are Merkel’s dead,” said Marcus Pretzell, chairman of the Alternative for Germany party in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Klaus Bouillon of Merkel’s CDU party also said to Saarland radio: “We must state that we are in a state of war, although some people who want to see only the good cannot see.”

Merkel was attending the ironically named “International Day of Migrants” when the attack took place, and she stated she was “shocked and shaken” by the tragedy that had taken place. Merkel can pretty much kiss her career goodbye.

The German people are no longer as sympathetic to immigrants as some German politicians, due to the increase in assaults they are witnessing. Similar incidents have taken place in Ansbach, Cologne, Hamburg, Frankfurt, Dortmund, Dusseldorf, Stuttgart, and Bielefeld.

Merkel’s opponents are sure to be gaining more popularity as more are leaning towards the right and calling for these refugees to be booted out of the country. Many European countries are regretting their decisions to let these migrants into their countries.

This is why so many are intolerant of the Islamic faith and having these immigrants in their countries—violence seems to follow them everywhere they go since for every three or four peaceful Muslims, there is one bent on destruction. Many other countries, including America, have seen increased attacks stemming from these migrants.

They all need to go back to their own countries, plain and simple. It’s like being in a destructive relationship—they’re already going to tear themselves down, but if you cut-sling, you don’t have to go down with them. And the American people are not going down with them.

And I’m sure that the German people don’t want to go down either. Merkel is sure to not be elected next year for her fourth term as chancellor, especially with Pretzell laying the blame at her feet. It’s time to cease the sympathy for Muslim migrants, because it’s only hurting the countries that take them in.