The election is officially over, Trump just got the electoral college vote, yet the democrats are still complaining. After all their failed attempts to stop Trump – the recounts, bribes, and threats – failed we can only wait for their next doomed idea to get off the ground.

While we wait, behind the scenes news from their enormous electoral debacle, the stuff we never got to see or know, is leaking out at an alarming pace.

Most is bad.

Some, criminal.

Others Hilarious.

Like the real reason Hillary cancelled her last public event. This report is accurate and comes directly from a policeman who was escorting Hillary that day.

The Real reason Hillary did not even get out of her car at her last public event … warning its humiliating…

THE CROWD WAS CHANTING LOCK HER UP

The crowd, a democrat crowd mind you, was chanting “lock her up.” Humiliated, shamed, and embarrassed Hillary refused to get out of her own car and attend her own damn event.

Wow that’s a shocker. A humiliating shocker, but a shocker nonetheless.

Salty Dad reported:

Anyone who follows this page will tell you that I painstakingly source my information. When I am wrong, I publicly admit it and post a retraction. That accuracy is one of the reasons that people follow this page.

I have personally verified this screenshot, taken from a Facebook post. (No, I will not post a screenshot of anything but the text. I do not want someone to get disciplined.)
It looks like things have gotten so bad for Hillary Clinton that she is bailing on her own rallies. Americans are finally starting to demand that the ruling class be held to the same standards as…”the peasants”.

If anyone has video of this event, please PM this page.

So we just finished up another escort for Hillary Clinton. When we arrived at the venue which was the Pompano Beach Amphitheater, there were so many people chanting “lock her up” she refused to exit her vehicle and left the venue.

This is the person people want to elect to face our enemies around the world and she won’t even face a crowd in her own Country.