President Barack Obama’s legacy might soon be tarnished beyond repair. The long-awaited results from an in-depth investigation into Obama’s past have just been revealed.

Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fake… a complete forgery, and now evidence to prove it is headed to Congress. Arizona Sheriff Joe Apraio’s investigation into Obama’s birth certificate found multiple “inconsistencies,” which could allow Congress to impeach the 44th president of the United States even after he leaves office, WND reports.

The forensic investigation into Obama’s birth certificate reportedly proves the “birthers” were right all along! Jerome Corsi, Ph.D., a WND senior staff writer, is credited with forcing the Obama administration to release the document in the first place.

Corsi’s book, Where’s The Birth Certificate?, first brought the Obama birth certificate issue to the public’s attention. The Constitution requires a presidential candidate to be a “natural-born citizen” but does not really define exactly what the entails – meaning even though Obama was born to an American woman, he still might not have qualified to run for the highest office in the land.

“I was raised as an Indonesian child and a Hawaiian child and as a black child and as a white child,” Obama once said, according to a report by the Miller Center. Obama spent four years of his childhood living in Indonesia with his mother and stepfather.

Sheriff Joe Apraio’s forensic investigation into Obama’s birth certificate revealed the document presented to the public appears to be identical to and copied from another birth certificate issued in Hawaii just several days after he was born. The exceedingly similar birth certificate reportedly belongs to Johanna Ah’nee.

The items on the supposed Obama birth certificate, which appear to have been copied from the Johanna Ah’nee birth certificate, include the word “Honolulu,” the word “Oahu” twice, two time stamps, and three different Xs. The identical appearance of the Xs was reportedly of particular interest to forensic investigators.

The Xs would have been placed on the original birth certificate documents by moving a typewriter carriage and rolling over the certificate at the same time. Investigators reportedly found it interesting that the stamp made by Alvin Onaka and the April 25th stamp might have been lifted from another document.

One of the expert forensic investigators who participated in the review of the Obama birth certificate was Reed Hayes. He is a court-qualified document examiner and handwriting examiner.

Reed Hayes also operates a business in Hawaii. He has been on the board of Scientific Association of Forensic Examiners for almost four decades. Forlabs, an Italian company which specializes in extracting details and information from multimedia files, produced the results of the Obama birth certificate forensic investigation.

“We had two experts from two countries in separate disciplines of forensics that came to one conclusion: Barack Obama’s long form birth certificate it not authentic,” the report said.

Mike Zullo, the lead forensic investigator involved with the report, quoted details from the investigation by Hayes: “The (nail in the coffin) that proves that Certificate of Live Birth is inauthentic is the exact lineup of numerous entries on both [certificates].” Zullo added the experts likened the evidence they found to prove the Obama birth certificate is a forgery to being as reliable as a fingerprint.