Back when Hussein Obama first befouled the White House, many naive Americans still gave him the benefit of the doubt in both his honesty and his declaration that he was a Christian. He’s since been revealed as a pathological liar and as a racist white-hating Muslim agitator, but he was operating under a much more stealthy strategy which was moderately effective at masking his destructive goals at the time. WikiLeaks has since made some things much clearer.

There were those who knew what he was up to, but their silence had been purchased. One such individual was Preeta Bansal, who may or may not share Obama’s personal characteristics and goals but certainly did nothing to expose his. She was one of the first of innumerable foreigners to be given high positions within the Obama regime, being a naturalized Indian. Obama has frequently used those with the weakest of ties to traditional America as his agents of fundamental transformation and anti-white, anti-American prejudice.

673-bansal-obama-discrimination

As the WikiLeaks leaked Podesta email reveals, Bansal was engaged not only in racist employment discrimination, but religious discrimination against Christians in the recommendation and review process for potential new hires within the executive branch. That’s the kind of thing that Loretta Lynch and her bulldog DOJ “Civil Rights” Deputy Vanita Gupta would be all over if it were to happen to a Muslim or non-white. Discriminating against whites and Christians is just “who we are” under this racist America-hating Islamist.

One thing that is important to remember is that this compilation of Muslim and Asian candidates for preferential employment treatment would not have been prepared without it being specifically requested by the inner circle within the Obama administration. Race-based preference was to be given and discrimination against those who were not Muslim or Asian was to be engaged in. Being Arab alone wasn’t enough to get you onto the good list. Bansal specifically states that Arab Americans who were not Muslims were not included.

She also acknowledges that she included high profile Muslims even though she believed they would not survive the vetting process due to the attention they would receive from bloggers. Two questions rise from that admission; what kind of people is she seeking that blogger revelations would sink their candidacy and why did she, knowing their background difficulties, still include them as potential recruits?

The WikiLeaks Podesta email from October of 2008, forwarded to John Podesta, which contains the Bansal correspondence is linked here and below:

Fwd: FW: Asian American Candidates, Muslim American Candidates

 

From:gaylesmithgayle@gmail.com

To: john.podesta@gmail.com

Date: 2008-10-17 08:18

Subject: Fwd: FW: Asian American Candidates, Muslim American Candidates

Lists from Preeta attached. I took Mansour Ijaz off the list, way bad idea,

can explain if needed. G

———- Forwarded message ———-

From: Bansal, Preeta D <PBANSAL@skadden.com>

Date: Mon, Sep 29, 2008 at 11:01 PM

Subject: FW: Asian American Candidates, Muslim American Candidates

To: John Podesta <jpodesta@americanprogress.org>, Gayle Smith <

gaylesmithgayle@gmail.com>

 

FYI also.

 

________________________________

 

From: Bansal, Preeta D (NYC)

Sent: Monday, September 29, 2008 11:01 PM

To: Froman, Michael B

Cc: ‘Onek, Matthew’

Subject: Asian American Candidates, Muslim American Candidates

 

Here are the compiled lists of Asian American and Muslim American

candidates for top Administration jobs, sub-cabinet jobs, and outside

boards/agencies/policy committees. A couple things to note about the list

of Muslim American candidates:

 

1) In the candidates for top jobs, I excluded those with some Arab

American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many

Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian. In the last list (of

outside boards/commissions), most who are listed appear to be Muslim

American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of

uncertain religion (esp. Christian).

 

2) There is only one candidate I thought was a viable one for a

Secretary-level job among the Muslim Americans. That said, on both lists,

there are some very senior people listed in the last category (for outside

boards/commissions) who conceivably could be considered for top jobs. The

very senior people I put on the last list tended not to be terribly

involved in politics or policy, or in the case of some Asian Americans,

had already served in the Clinton and even Carter Administrations and so I

thought we should seek new talent. But there’s no magic to some of the

placements. I think the lists are fairly exhaustive, but some of the

people may be moved to other categories.

 

3) High-profile Muslim Americans tend to be the subject of a fair amount

of blogger criticism, and so the individuals on this list would need to be

ESPECIALLY carefully vetted. I suspect some of the people I list would

not survive such a vet — but I do personally know, at least in part,

virtually all of the candidates in the 1st two categories (but I know very

few of those listed for outside boards/commissions).

 

4) I listed the elected Muslim American democratic officials at the end

of the second category, but for various reasons, I didn’t think any of

them would necessarily be suitable for an Administration appointment.

Nevertheless, I wanted to flag them for you in case you wanted to evaluate

them further.