CARSON CITY, Nv. – A robocall dialed out to hundreds of thousands of conservative voters on Tuesday warned of an imminent missile strike on several cities in Nevada, including the state capital, Carson City. The call prompted a mass evacuation of potential Republican supporters from the state and has been blamed for at least twenty-five deaths.

Just hours before the start of Nevada’s Republican caucus, potential voters received a forty-five second prerecorded phone call informing them that New York, Washington, and Los Angeles had just been obliterated by ballistic missiles. “Evacuation orders have been issued for your state,” the call calmly explained. “You are to immediately report to your precinct’s designated polling center for further instructions.”

The vast majority of those who received Tuesday afternoon’s robocall -perhaps out of fear of nuclear annihilation- didn’t stay on the line long enough to find out that the call had been paid for by Ted Cruz for President and, according to the Texas senator’s campaign manager, was meant to “merely warn voters of the dangers of a Trump presidency.”

In an interview with MSNBC’s Chuck Todd, Senator Cruz said that such calls are common during primary season and accused his fellow candidates of forming a behind-the-scenes alliance in order to conduct a “dishonest and misleading smear campaign” against him. The senator expressed sadness over the tragic loss of at least two-dozen potential voters who perished trying to flee a fictitious Nevadan Hiroshima but blamed his rivals for taking parts of the call out of context in order to discredit him “at the expense of the good people of Nevada.”

Meanwhile, statements released by the Trump and Rubio camps called for a complete redo of the Nevada caucus. While Senator Rubio accused Cruz of “denying people their constitutional rights;” Donald Trump complained that Cruz’s “deceptive tactics” had likely cost him “millions” of votes.

The Nevada caucus marks the final GOP primary leading up to Super Tuesday on March 1st.