NEW YORK, Ny. – During a Democratic fundraiser in New York last Monday, President Barack Obama announced he has signed a contract with CNN to co-moderate the fifth GOP debate with former Daily Show host Jon Stewart. Set for December 15th in Las Vegas, Nevada, the debate is tentatively focused on foreign policy.

“They need a little touch of reality,” the president said, receiving a wide applause from the audience. “This isn’t an audition for the babysitter’s club, it’s the Oval Office.” In the past, President Obama has publicly questioned whether or not the current Republican presidential hopefuls possess the “intellectual and moral fortitude” required to run the country.


“Presidential debates shouldn’t be centered around catering to the candidates’ comfort level,” said CNN political analyst Melissa Cunningham, referring to the most recent CNBC debate which prompted a failed attempt by the GOP to harness control of future debates. Cunningham continued, “It’ll be interesting to see how they field questions from a seasoned politician, particularly one that knows the ins and outs of the job they’re vying for.”

Meanwhile, former Vice Presidential nominee and reality TV star Sarah Palin railed against the Obama administration for “once again trying to sandbag the Republican party” and suggested the president might be better suited leading a morning call to prayer.

Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart, who many speculate will play “good cop” to President Obama’s “bad cop” during the debate, visited the White House this week to brainstorm possible debate questions with the president. “I’m told the meeting was very constructive,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Tuesday afternoon.

Fox News will host the fourth installment of the Republican presidential debates on November 10th in Milwaukee. Subsequently, the fifth GOP debate, featuring President Obama and Jon Stewart, is scheduled to air December 15th at 6 p.m. PST on CNN. The event will be held at The Venetian in Las Vegas.