Trump Threatens To Cancel Visit To Israel Because “The McDonald’s There Doesn’t Have A Bacon Cheese Big Mac”

President Donald Trump eats like a 6-foot, 240-pound petulant child – if that irritable youngster had the ability to push a button and make a lackey fetch a Coke. He’s set to embark on his first official trip overseas Friday with pit stops in Saudi Arabia, Israel, Belgium, Italy and the Vatican – something he’s reportedly pouting about, huffing and puffing that the nine-day excursion is far too long. Worse yet: none of the places he’s visiting have a Trump-branded hotel with workers that are duty-bound and practiced at serving him his favorite meals. Trump is a noted lover of fast food: McDonald’s burgers and Kentucky fried chicken are staples. “The Big Macs are great. The Quarter Pounder. It’s great stuff,” he said in a town hall event about his orders from McDonald’s.

However, there might be trouble on the upcoming trip, as a source within the White House leaked information that the president is “reluctant” when it comes to visiting Israel, because he’s not convinced he’ll like the food there. “I wouldn’t say he’s scared, because he doesn’t get scared, he’s not the type. But there’s an apprehensiveness about him whenever anyone from the staff mentions the fact that he’s scheduled to visit the place,” the source, who requested anonymity, told portal KnowMyRepublican.com. “From what I understand, they’ve tried to explain to him several times that he can have anything he wants custom prepared for him and then brought in especially tailored to his requests, but for some reason, he just doesn’t want to hear of it. From what I could gather, the staff are puzzled by this as they didn’t expect it to turn into that big of a problem.”

The source continued, “I recently had a talk about it with someone very close to him, and it seems that the reason why he’s so reluctant to keep Israel on the list of visits is because, as you know, the president is a huge fan of fast food, and he’s particularly fond of McDonald’s. However, because of the cultural and religious differences, the company tailors their restaurants to accommodate the desires of the population in any given region where it conducts business. That’s why, for example, McDonald’s restaurants throughout Europe look nothing like the ones we have here. The same applies to those in Israel; they are literally completely different from any other McDonald’s restaurant – one could even argue that they’re unique. Their ingredients come from different sources and they also have different traditions when it comes to the types of meat they use.”

“Ultimately, my source tells me that the president is even threatening to cancel his visit to Israel because the McDonald’s restaurants there don’t have a bacon cheese Big Mac, which is a favorite of his. He’s apparently demanding the staff to make arrangements to somehow provide them for the duration of his visit. I don’t need to tell you that the staff are very frustrated and worried about not being able to accomplish that. So much so, in fact, that I’m also told they’ve started contacting the McDonald’s headquarters and begging the management to accommodate the president’s request. I am yet to learn of the outcome of that plead, but it gives you an idea of how spoiled Donald Trump really is. At the end of the day, i personally think they’ll figure out a way to make it happen, because everybody knows Donald Trump is not a man you want to disappoint,” the source concluded.