Bill O’Reilly: “Companies Under Trump Must Say ‘Merry Christmas’ Or Will Be Forced To “Send Employees To Religious Classes”
http://newslo.com/bill-oreilly-companies-trump-must-say-merry-christmas-will-forced-send-employees-religious-classes/
Of all the voices crusading against the so-called “War on Christmas,” perhaps no TV personality has lent their star power to the fight against encroaching secular influence that Fox News host Bill O’Reilly has. On Thursday, the O’Reilly Factor host called out the “companies that kind of marginalized Christmas” this year by failing to use the word in their holiday advertisements and promotions, including Best Buy, Barnes & Noble and Victoria’s Secret. “Those companies are not in the Christmas spirit,” O’Reilly complained. “And that’s bad news for them, because Donald Trump is on the case.”

The pundit argued that the companies in question will be “forced to send employees to religious classes” if they continue to avoid greeting their customers with the words “Merry Christmas.” “They’ve got a lot of nerve,” he said. “The vast majority of the people that frequent their stores are Christians, traditional Americans and people who respect and honor these sort of traditions. And when you, as a company that’s making money directly off of your customers, refuse to adopt the same values and traditions as your market, you’re done. I know it sounds cruel, but that’s just the name of the game.”

“And while we’re on the subject,” O’Reilly continued, “that’s also one of the things I have a problem with in American society as of late. We’re a nation of immigrants, bla bla bla, everybody already knows the whole story. However, the whole point of America is, we’re supposed to be always accepting new immigrants, which we’re doing, by the boatloads, but at the same time, we’re also supposed to be assimilating them into American society. After a period of time, they’re supposed to become Americans, not stay whatever they were before they came here. And that also goes for religion, as well.”

The host also added, “And before someone calls me up and accuses me of being bigoted, let me just say that I don’t think all naturalized Americans should be Christians. Everybody here is completely entitled to their own religious freedom. However, that doesn’t change the fact that the majority of the people born in this country are, in fact, Christians. And given that it’s our country, not that of our immigrant new citizens – we ought to be greeted with ‘Merry Christmas’ when we walk into the aforementioned stores to spend our hard earned money. And when our immigrant citizens greet us there as part of their jobs, they should remember that they came to work to America, not the other way around.”

“And if the aforementioned companies don’t start instructing their employees to use ‘Merry Christmas’ as an official greeting soon, they are going to be forced to send their employees off to religious training lessons and classes, where they will be trained in everything Christianity stands for. And that’s going to be the hard way to solve this problem, since the easy way is not likely to work – I can see that even now. So, either companies teach their off-the-books immigrant workers to pronounce the words ‘Merry Christmas’ when they see a white American person walking into their store, or Uncle Sam is going to do it for them. And trust me, guys – you’re not going to like what Uncle Sam has planned. I can’t tell you all the details, but I’m fairly certain it’ll include the words ‘water’ and ‘boarding’ at some point,” O’Reilly concluded. 