Trump Attacks Buzz Aldrin Back: “It Was All Fake News, There’s No Proof That Man Ever Came Close To The Moon”
http://uspoln.com/2017/07/10/trump-attacks-buzz-aldrin-back-fake-news-theres-no-proof-man-ever-came-close-moon/
In an event at the White House this week, President Donald Trump reignited The National Space Council to help achieve his dream of landing a human on Mars within his first term. The problem was not in reigniting the American strive to achieve planetary travel or even Trump’s inability to understand Buzz Aldrin’s “Toy Story” quite during his speech. The concern many found was that the president seemed to misunderstand what exactly “space” was. “At some point in the future, we’re going to look back and say how did we do it without space?” Trump asked, as if “space” was one of the scientists on the team. Aldrin’s response was obvious and caught on camera.
Needless to say, the gaffe once again lit up the social media and internet, causing a plethora of comments mocking the president’s inability to hold his own even when it comes to reading a pre-prepared speech. In reaction to the mockery, President Trump lashed out against Aldrin, who made history as being the second man to set foot on the Moon, right after Neil Armstrong. Speaking with portal KnowMyRepublican.com, he said that “it’s a shame people are still having trouble understanding how far fake news go and how long they’ve been around.” He added, “They say I’m ridiculous, but at least I understand what’s going on in this country, unlike some people.”
The president continued, “I had no intention of bringing this up today, but this whole fake news business is really turning into a global conspiracy that’s threatening to set back every single positive thing I’ve done for this country so far. Let me tell you, at first, I was alright with it – as much as one can be alright with something like that – because they were going after me and I’m the president and that’s okay. But it’s only recently that I’ve begun to comprehend the full extent of the lies some people are ready to believe in this country. I’ll also say that, for the greatest country in the world, some of our citizens are pretty gullible. This whole landing on the Moon business is a good example. No way did that happen, especially not back then.”
“If you actually believe we had the technology and resources to send two men to land on the Moon in the 1960s, then you really ought to go and get your head checked out,” Trump added. “It was all fake news, even back then. As a matter of fact, one could say that’s how fake news started in the first place, because the government back then needed something grand to make sure people would continue believing the top political establishment, so they made up the story that these two guys went and walked on the Moon. Let me tell you, if I was the head of NASA, especially back then, there’s a billion other people I’d rather choose for the mission over this Aldrin guy. He’s not a winner, he’s nothing. It’s ridiculous.”
“I mean, he trains all his life to become an astronaut, gets chosen for the epic, historical mission, somehow manages to get up there successfully and then doesn’t have the brass to go out in front of Armstrong and cement his place in history as being the first guy to set foot on the Moon? I mean, come on, that’s idiotic. Every single one of us would have jumped at the chance to do something that monumental and important. And you’re trying to tell me that, not only was he up there, but that he also had the decency and good manners to let someone else go down in history as number 1? You’re telling me he was up there and still willingly agreed to be number 2? And I’m supposed to respect and take insults from that guy, from the number 2? Come on, be serious. There’s no way I’m putting up with that liar. There was no evidence whatsoever that he came close to the Moon, let alone walked on it,” Trump concluded./politicot.com