Despite the Constant Negative Press Covfefe” – the True Meaning!
http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/06/02/despite-the-constant-negative-press-covfefe-the-true-meaning/
Glory to Jesus! President Trump has once again approached the sinners with a tremendous message. Praise God! It’s the now famous “covfefe” message that fools (Proverbs 10:21) fail to understand. President Trump, as always, knows what He is doing.
The explanations by the biased liberal press are revealing but useless.

Quote:
It’s a good guess that the word he was looking for was “coverage.” But the tweet, and the thought, remained incomplete. Within two hours, it had been retweeted more than 60,000 times and “liked” more than 74,000 times — making it one of his most popular tweets in months.
Our True Christian™ Department of Biblical Linguistics at the Landover Baptist University (Lamentations Flint Memorial Building) do acknowledge that the sentence would make secular sense with the word “coverage” as follows: “Despite the constant negative press coverage”. But that is old alternative news. President Trump has moved beyond the mortal realm of mundane worries. We were certain that the message would contain a Biblical message and after careful scrutiny we are happy to announce that is does!

Covfefe -> cov fe fe -> parts of words -> three words involved -> it’s time to look at the King James Bible!
Cov -> Covenant!

Hebrews 8:6
But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant , which was established upon better promises.

The Covenant between God and His True Christian™ flock, but also a better Covenant, the Covenant of President Trump with His chosen people, again, us True Christians™! Glory.

Fe -> Life!

Matthew 25:46
And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.

The Covenant is here. The negative press shall go away into everlasting punishment but the righteous True Christians™ (i.e., us) into Life Eternal. Glory.

Fe -> Female!

Genesis 1:27
So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.

The Covenant gives us Life Eternal if we follow the Creation Doctrine of God and refrain from gender confusion and sodomy! Now the message of President Trump can be translated to the masses. “Despite the Constant Negative Press Covfefe“

-> Despite the Constant Negative Press, the Covenant Remains and is Stronger because of My Ministry (i.e., Presidency). It will take you True Christians™ into Life Eternal if you follow the God-given roles of Male and Female.
A staggering message from a Terrific President directed at us. Let us all join in a Prayer of Thanks!

Thank you, Jesus for giving us President Trump!

Yours in Christ,

Elmer