Easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man…? The Case of Donald Trump
http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2017/03/26/easier-for-a-camel-to-go-through-the-eye-of-a-needle-than-for-a-rich-man-the-case-of-donald-trump/
Jesus felt He needed to post the following verse on two separate Gospels so it must be True™:

Mark 10:25
It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

Luke 18:25
For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle’s eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

It is True™ and it is being abused in a disgusting manner by atheist secularist of the sodomite agenda to accuse our President Trump for acting in an un-Christian manner. Just because He is rich!



As True Christians™ it is our task to defend the Godliest President ever, Mr. Donald Trump, from this contemptuous and erroneous slander. The ridiculous claim of these false Christians is that as President Trump is rich, He cannot get into Heaven. However, the apparent contradiction is not contradictory at all when we look at the alternative explanations provided by the best available evidence in order of importance:

1. The Bible.
2. Powerful personal Testimonials.
3. Observational data (photographs, research data, etc.).
Is the verse about camels and needles a True™ one? Of course it is. However, there is the question of translations. An ancient translation into the Syriack or Aramaic (Daniel 2:4) tongue called the Peshitta (Luke 18:25ܕܠܝܠܐ ܗܝ ܠܓܡܠܐ ܕܒܚܪܘܪܐ ܕܡܚܛܐ ܢܥܘܠ ܐܘ ܥܬܝܪܐ ܠܡܠܟܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ) may offer an explanation.

Quote:
…Peshitta translation [which] has the word ‘rope’ in the main text but a footnote on Matthew 19:24 which states that the Aramaic word gamla means rope and camel, possibly because the ropes were made from camel hair.
This would mean that it is actually a rope that should be but through the eye of a needle, which is at first glance much easier than it is to accomplish the feat with a camel. However, we must abandon this stupid claim, as God would not have allowed mistakes in the King James Version. So, a “camel” it is.

Next, is it really that hard to put a camel through the needle’s eye? We acknowledge that it is hard but not impossible. There are many parameters of the equation that can be modified: the size of the camel and the size of the needle, the liquefaction of the camel or its vaporization to ease its passage, and the possible topological transformation of a camel. Please find below some visual aids to help you understand these possibilities.







None of these alternatives is easy, but basically, Jesus never mentioned it would be impossible for a rich man to enter Heaven, just difficult. Is President Trump up to that challenge? Verily, He is!



Quote:
Originally uttered by Donald Trump
Is there a brick wall getting in your way? Fine. That happens. But you have a choice. You can walk away from the wall. You can go over the wall. You can go under the wall. You can go around the wall. You can also obliterate the wall. In other words, don’t let anything get in your way. Get a balance, and then let the positive outdistance the negative.

Don’t let anything get in your way! Obliterate the stupid Walls! President Trump loves a challenge and He always wins. Even if there was a wall hard to permeate made of precious stones (Revelation 21:19), President Trump would still get through.

Proverbs 24:16
For a just [man] falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief.

Now we must assess if President Trump is actually rich in the manner that Jesus mentions in those wonderful verses. Actually, He isn’t. The life story of President Trump is one of from rags to riches. He started off extremely poor and desperate with no actual help from His parents.




Furthermore, all of the riches gathered by President Trump have been pivotal in order to get Him into the White House. The master plan of Jesus Christ to have Trump channel God’s Will unto America could not have been possible without billions of dollars. Now all this is being used for the benefit of the American voter. Praise Jesus!

Finally, it is time to assess the Spiritual State of President Trump. Above, we saw observational data and it all supported the fact that The Donald will one day sit on Jesus’s lap in Heaven. How about testimonial data? What can we learn from there?



Trump has promised to rule with Christ!



He loves the Bible!



He’s a great Christian, a True Christian™. This means that no matter what sins He might have committed before being born again in Christ, it is all forgotten now, and Luke 18:25 no longer holds Him!

2 Corinthians 5:17
Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

These are powerful Testimonials by a man of God and they all agree: President Trump tells us that He is Spiritually mature and ready to meet Jesus in Heaven. Because of what He Himself says, He is.

What about the Bible? What does it tell us? It tells us that Jesus Himself ordained President Trump to take His Godly office.

Romans 13:1
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.

As we can see, the atheist agenda of false accusations fails miserably. President Trump’s abode in Heaven is secure. This was all just wanton persecution by those who align themselves with Satan!



Perhaps this hard-working man will finally find peace and quiet in Heaven and be able to concentrate on perfecting His swinging.



Yours in Christ,

Elmer