He defends your daughter’s urinal: 7 Reasons why Trumps VP pick will be James Dobson
http://www.landoverbaptist.net/index.php/2016/07/14/he-defends-your-daughters-urinal-7-reasons-why-trumps-vp-pick-will-be-james-dobson/
1. James Dobson is America’s #1 expert on women’s washrooms, knowing things even I never knew:

Writing in World Net Daily:

“If you are a married man with any gumption, surely you will defend your wife’s privacy and security in restroom facilities. Would you remain passive after knowing that a strange-looking man, dressed like a woman, has been peering over toilet cubicles to watch your wife in a private moment? What should be done to the pervert who was using mirrors to watch women and girls in their stalls? If you are a dad, I pray you will protect your little girls from men who walk in unannounced, unzip their pants and urinate in front of them. If this had happened 100 years ago, someone might have been shot. Where is today’s manhood?”
So many little-known facts:

A. Women are always comparing themselves to other women, and obsessing over how other women look, but I did not know that they regularly peek into each others cubicles with handmirrors, or that there’s no consequences when women are caught doing it. That’s why nobody will notice transexuals doing the same thing.

B. Indoor plumbing is a lot older than we thought. I had thought than in 1916 only the rich had toilets and for everyone else, stumbling across a man peeing into a bush was a regular occurrence, almost as common as seeing horses and barnyard animals answering the various calls of nature. But I forgot that we’re talking about the good old days, when everything was better, which means that men peeing outdoors is a myth made up by revisionist historians like Howard Zinn.

Howard Zinn’s bush-peeing propaganda is so pervasive that I have false memories as a result. I could swear I remember myself as a kid peeing behind bushes, or even against walls in alleyways. “Boys belong outside” my dad would say, and “indoors” was a strange realm to my generation of boys….Or so my false memories go.

C. Straight teenage boys don’t know what vaginas look like, think crossdressing is cool, almost as cool as following rules, that is.

James Dobson knows that there are non-trivial amounts of straight guys who are plotting to become transexuals just to sneak a peek at peeing girls, all to catch a rare glimpse of that most difficult to see bodypart.

I mean, what teenage boy hasn’t plotted, a least once, to dress up like a girl and sneak into the girl’s washroom? Maybe not because you wanted to, but because it would make you look cool (the only reason teenagers do anything). Everybody has, we’ve only been stopped by the rules, because while teenagers want to look cool, they also know breaking rules doesn’t look cool. Becoming a trannie? Cool. Breaking rules? Not cool.

Some people say this fear is obsolete-by-generations stuff straight from “Porkies” or some other 70’s movie about the ’50s….That today a few keystrokes on google will give you hundreds of thousands of videos of peeing girls. Maybe our thoughts should be less about “Porkies” and more about Pornhub?

Quote:
Originally Posted by James Dobson
I pray you will protect your little girls from men who walk in unannounced, unzip their pants and urinate in front of them
D. There are urinals in girls’s washrooms. I would have never guessed. Here I was thinking that they just have toilet stalls – because I’m not an expert like James Dobson.

Quote:
Originally Posted by James Dobson
What should be done to the pervert…If this had happened 100 years ago, someone might have been shot. Where is today’s manhood?
I for one am here. YOU CAN PRY MY DAUGHTER’S URINAL FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS!

2. He has a style of leadership that Muslims and young people respond to:

On May 30th, James Dobson wrote:

If this had happened 100 years ago, someone might have been shot. Where is today’s manhood?
Less than two weeks later, today’s manhood was in Orlando Florida, and 103 someones were shot.

Not that I condone or support actions like the Orlando shooting, but James Dobson clearly did, and if people respond to his leadership, that is a reason to make him Vice President.

3. His efficiency is so legendary, he once organized a 300-person rally for only $70,000

May Day 2010: A Cry To God For A Nation In Distress cost only $70,000 to put together and was lined with evangelical stars – from Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council to Pete LaBarbera of Americans For Truth About Homosexuality to former Presidential candidate and honorary white man Alan Keyes. The purpose of the event? To reach the heart of God and repent of America’s wicked ways, by shaming America’s wicked homos and seculars.

The event was promoted by James Dobson himself:

Quote:
Our nation faces what is perhaps the most serious moral crisis since the Civil War as we’ve turned our backs on God and have clearly displeased him. May Day 2010 is a time to come together and proclaim what God has done in the past, to pray for forgiveness and to plead for God’s mercy on all of us.
The effort was so successful that 300 people showed up. That’s only a bit more than $230 each! Friends, it has never been more affordable for you to give God the money He so desperately needs. Only $230 is enough to put a tea partier at a republican rally! For a mere $2,300 you can have a rally of ten, or overflow the sidewalks with 100 ralliers for a donation of a mere $23,000!

Imagine how liberal false-churches would have spent that $70,000. Feeding the hungry, who would just get hungry again, clothing the naked, which would just make them sweatier and smellier, sheltering the homeless, which was to blame for the mortgage meltdown. Don’t lose your money to those greedy wastrels! Money is best spent on this:

Quote:
Originally Posted by May Day 2010.org
Join with Christian leaders of all denominations who love God to humble ourselves, pray, seek the face of God, and turn from our wicked ways—individually and as a nation.
This event is not to impress the media or those in Washington, but to reach the heart of God. Publicly repenting and crying out to God for His mercy instead of the judgment our many sins deserve. Repentance in personal and corporate prayer to God and remembrance of His work throughout our nation’s history will be major parts of the day as we seek God to do a great work of revival or reformation in our time. The tentative plan is to begin the day with an hour of worship and praise.


Now THAT is what I call repentance! Now let’s see those homos and divorcees and seculars and, worst of all, Dakota Fanning with sackcloth and ashes, scourging themselves, with gnashing of teeth and rending of clothing and they repent their sins! But of course, they don’t, because they’re so full of themselves, with their gay parades and their arrogant “I don’t need the threat of hellfire to behave decently“.

Well if their gay parades are so great, why can’t they organize ones that only cost $230 per person?

4. He will win the war on terror by working with Muslims, like when he teamed up with an Islamic sex cult to help them teach American kids

Like it or not, we are going to be involved in the Middle East for a long time. We need a vice president who is used to working with Muslims

Religious politics has been a story of strange bedfellows uniting against a common evil. In the 19th century, Protestant churches united to fight Catholics. In the 20th, Catholics and Protestants united to fight non-Christians. In the 21st, we see all religions uniting to fight against scientists:

Youngstown, Ohio students are learning creationism in school with materials from a Islamic, Holocaust-denying group accused of being a sex cult…
Harun Yahya, whom The Daily Beast has covered before, is a pseudonym for Adnan Oktar, a creationist cult leader and Islamic televangelist who owns Turkey’s A9 TV channel.

Anne Ross Solberg, an expert on Yahya, explained in a paper that while Oktar uses many of the same arguments as Christian creationists, and “undoubtedly takes inspiration from American-style creationism, Yahya’s creationism is far from just an American import” (PDF). He’s trying to prove that science backs up Islam.

“The message of Yahya is thus that science does not only confirm the existence of an intelligent designer, but divine creation as revealed by Allah,” Solberg writes.

Oktar has also hinted that he’s the Mahdi, a messianic figure in Islam, whose coming will signal the end times, and that his fight against evolution is part of fighting Islam’s Antichrist, the Dajjal.
Most likely Republicans are working with him because he knows more about science than scientists. On the other hand, they might be playing along because they got blackmailed:

Oktar has been accused of blackmail where he snared powerful people with sex.

“As the criminal indictment vividly illustrates, young girls were lured into sex parties with the promise of being admitted to the group, but ended up having to perform sexual acts with men of influence, whom the group needed for its economic and political success,” wrote the New Humanist, describing the charges against Oktar. “The encounters were filmed and used to coerce the men in question to act in the group’s interest.”
How effective has the program been? I bet Islamic creationists are doing a better job than those cucks we’ve trusted to teach creationism so far.

Christians cuckservatives can hardly convince kids to pull their pants up. Islamic conservatives convince kids to blow them selves up.

Clearly they’re good at their job.

5. He’s used to working with Mexicans. Real Mexicans.

Let’s face it, the only way to get the Great Wall of Trump build on budget is to use Mexican labor to build it. James Dobson works with Mexicans, and not the fake, assimilated ones you see on TV. I mean the real Mexicans, the one who say “Cahones” in every sentence, and who think the age of consent means she’s out of her diapers:

Colorado Independent:

A Colorado Springs man who narrates the Bible in Spanish on CDs and works in the Spanish broadcasting department of Focus on the Family appeared in court Monday in Golden on two felony counts of using the Internet to lure a 15-year-old girl for sex, The Denver Post reports.

…Ovalle, a native of the Dominican Republic, is listed as the “Voice Narrator/Artist” of the Spanish Reina Valera Biblia, available on 64 CDs, and can be heard here discussing an upcoming Focus on the Family conference with directors of the evangelical empire’s outreach to the Spanish-speaking community.
6. He supports bullying

Trump’s foreign policy is not to make war on powerful enemies, but instead to bully our weaker friends. Whether it’s Mexico, or NATO, our trade partners, or even the Vatican, he his plan is to bully them until they end up the sucker, instead of us. He thinks nothing of tossing schoolyard taunts at everyone from cripples to tortured prisoners of war, and thinks calling a woman ugly is an instant-win condition. Clearly his Vice-President needs to share his philosophy.

Focus on Family says anti-bullying efforts in schools push gay agenda

Focus on the Family urges adults to look out for children who are being bullied, and then pile onto them, because bullying victims are gay. Among the approved bullying tactics is showing your adult penis to them.

http://www.focusonthefamily.com/docs…A000000264.cfm

…the boy’s father has to do his part. He needs to mirror and affirm his son’s maleness. He can play rough-and-tumble games with his son…He can even take his son with him into the shower, where the boy cannot help but notice that Dad has a penis, just like his, only bigger.
That’s right. Want your kid to grow up straight? Put him in an environment where he “cannot help but notice” large penises. Works every time.

James Dobson’s Focus on the Family has also posted a delightful series of articles on how to instill your children with the proper “gender identification.” The first piece is called “Is my child becoming a homosexual?” and it basically says that if your child exhibits “gender confusion,”there’s a good chance that he’ll turn into a fruit:

Evidences of gender confusion or doubt in boys ages 5 to 11 may include:

1. A strong feeling that they are “different” from other boys.
So if your son is different from other boys, he’s well on his way to becoming a homosexual. Make sure to stamp out his individuality at all costs, and discourage him from developing any original thoughts or ideas.

2. A tendency to cry easily, be less athletic, and dislike the roughhousing that other boys enjoy.
And make sure that Remember to make up for Timmy’s lack of athleticism by screaming at him during Little League sporting events, and fighting with the other parents.

All heterosexual males enjoy sports because it involves getting hot and sweating with a bunch of guys, taking mass showers, slapping backs and et ceteras, and dominating other guys through physical abuse. Those that engage in this behavior the most are ideal examples of straightness.

3. A persistent preference to play female roles in make-believe play.
If you catch your toddler trying on mommy’s shoes, slap him.

4. A strong preference to spend time in the company of girls and participate in their games and other pastimes.
Similarly, don’t let your daughters hang around boys who like spending time with girls. You can read more about this in another Focus on the Family article, called “Is My Daughter Becoming a Fag Hag?”

5. A susceptibility to be bullied by other boys, who may tease them unmercifully and call them “odd,” “fag” and “gay.”
Pretty self-explainatory.

6. A tendency to walk, talk, dress and even “think” effeminately.
Yes, even if your son walks, talks and dresses like a man, there could be covert gayness lurking deep within his thoughts. You might want to hook him up to an E-Meter and show him pictures of Chippendale dancers to see if he gets aroused. (And if he does, seek professional help.)

7. A repeatedly stated desire to be — or insistence that he is — a girl.
If your child is experiencing several signs of gender confusion, professional help is available. It’s best to seek that help before your child reaches puberty.

And definitely before he buys his first Cher album.

“By the time the adolescent hormones kick in during early adolescence, a full-blown gender identity crisis threatens to overwhelm the teenager,” warns psychologist Dr. James Dobson.
To compound the problem, many of these teens experience “great waves of guilt accompanied by secret fears of divine retribution.”
Fears that are completely justified, mind you: if God catches your son playing with dolls, He’s liable to smack the turdloaves out of him.

In short, if your boy isn’t out there beating up on smaller children, if they get good grades and they like to try to get along with everyone, well, there’re certainly gay. Boys that are bright, precocious, social and relational, and artistically talented are not only gay, they’re “bottom” gay.
6. When he prayed for Obama to be stuck by lightning, his prayer was almost answered:

http://www.9news.com/news/elections/…7203&catid=348

A video producer for Focus on the Family is asking people to pray for rain when Sen. Barack Obama (D-Illinois) makes his speech at the end of the Democratic National Convention in Denver.
Granted, God did not answer the prayer, but that’s only because Obama looks better in the rain. As in, rock-star better:



But of course the prayer was not about looks – no election has ever been swung by some rain, either in the Bible or in the historical record. He was praying for Obama to be struck by lightning, something that God does many times in the Bible. (Job 1:16, 2 Samuel 22:15, Psalm 18:14, Luke 9:54,
)

God did not answer the prayer word-for-word, but He has shown His support for the sentiment, by sending lightning bolts very close to the White House: