RUSSIAN HACKER SAYS HE REGRETS PUTTING DONALD TRUMP INTO POWER
http://worldnewsdailyreport.com/russian-hacker-says-he-regrets-putting-donald-trump-into-power/
The former Russian government operative now turned rogue agent these past ten years is presently hiding in Iceland in fear of Russian backlash since his public coming out.
“ I was just following orders and didn’t really care of the consequences, I was doing it for the money. But now I fear I’ve put the whole world in danger. We are possibly on the brink of WWW3 ”
– Dimitri Zhirinovsky, Russian hacker
Mr. Zhirinovsky says he was approached by an anonymous contractor last year to hack the Democratic National Committee, an employer he is 100% sure was an agent of the Russian government.
Fearing for his life
The man that has come out of anonymity openly says he fears for his life now that he has spoken publicly of the reality of Russia’s involvement in the DNC hackings.
“I now not only fear for my own life but for the safety of my family and of the whole world,” he told Icelandic television yesterday.
“Although I am part of a global network of mercenary hackers who were employed to help Trump win the election by leaking damaging information on the Clintons, I am ashamed and scared to say I played a part in putting a dictator into the reins of the most powerful country the world has ever known, a situation which could easily turn into a third world war” he added, visibly distraught by his own actions.
“Although I might be putting my life in danger, I am doing this for my son and future generations,” he explained.
Leaving some clues behind
The hacker claims he sabotaged his own work to lead the CIA and FBI investigation towards finding the culprit behind the DNC hackings.
“When I realized the reason we were hacking the DNC emails was to help push Donald Trump into the Oval Office, I started to sabotage my work and leave some clues which would lead them to Russia,” he told reporters.
“I purposefully switched to a Cyrillic keyboard during the hackings and inserted Russian language into the malware” he boasted, visibly proud.
“I also made sure the compiler, or the piece of software that compiles the code so that it can execute, always dated time stamps. The time stamps were in a time zone for the business hours of Moscow and St. Petersburg and other places in Russia and the IP address always pointed to a Russian address. Something a professional hacker would obviously never do,” he confirmed.
“I made sure to leave tidbits of sabotaging information which would lead any organization inquiring into the hackings directly to the Russian government,” he added, before ending the conversation.
Dimitri Zhirinovsky’s name became public this week after Iceland’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, Guðlaugur Þór Þórðarson, confirmed to journalists that the Russian government had officially demanded the extradition of several individuals linked to the DNC hackings by the CIA and FBI reports, demands the Icelandic government has refused.
