Trump.com throwing so many allies Under the Bus, the US now has a Bus Shortage
http://www.thespoof.com/spoof-news/us/128728/trump-com-throwing-so-many-allies-under-the-bus-the-us-now-has-a-bus-shortage
With the ongoing and most entertaining cyberbully of his greatest ally the AG number, the number of causalities is rising daily.
Lawyers are bailing, Spicers karma caught up with him, 'el douche Mooche'is going to sack the entire West Wing. The limping to his grave Sessions has been ordered to sack his Deputy Attorney and Acting Head of FBI for gross breach of personal loyalty.
Bus companies are of course ecstatic to see their bookings going through the roof, or under the floor depending which side of his beloved eminence you fall. So they have had to introduce a body parts removal fee to cover cleaning of the underside of the bus. Bus owners were complaining that it was getting bit overcrowded under there and have also applied an extra surcharge to gather the dismembered pieces and post it back to their families. American Bus Companies Association President said. "this is the way to clean up the Washington swamp and make America Grate Again and even make profit for ordinary, hard working Americans".
Psychologists who are now exempt from the Goldwater prohibition have weighed in saying this tossing the bodies under the bus is within the diagnostic scope of hyper-narcissim that Trump.com™ has previously been diagnosed with. Nobody has any real reason to be shocked or surprised.
Smooch has changed employees termination letter from DCM Don't Come Monday to a YUTB Your Under the Bus. He also says he will take a more caring line with employees that get the suck up right.
Geeks have built a smartphone app called MyTrashedCareer.com™ where you can track real time who is under and who is being scheduled to go under the bus.
Black Lives Matter have released a statement that they will not tolerate under bus segregation and all African Americans must be thrown under the same bus as the whites. We been riding the same buses as whites since Montgomery they added and we ain't gonna get thrown under some black only bus. However it appears there is very little risk of this given the scarcity of blacks in the Whitehouse. When the administration was asked they said "it was obvious why there are no blacks on the team, as it is called the Whitehouse not the Blackhouse".