Trump Wants A Big Military Parade Down Pennsylvania Avenue
https://crooksandliars.com/2017/09/trump-wants-big-military-parade-down
So Donald Trump thinks it would be a great idea to have a military parade down Pennsylvania Avenue for the Fourth of July.

Let me guess: Mexico is gonna pay for it. New York Times:

    President Trump said on Monday that he was looking into staging a display of American military might in a Fourth of July parade down Pennsylvania Avenue.

    In remarks during a meeting with President Emmanuel Macron of France at the United Nations, Mr. Trump said he got the idea after watching the Bastille Day parade in Paris with Mr. Macron in July. During the parade, he could be seen gesticulating and whispering to Mr. Macron at the elaborate display of tanks, soldiers on horseback and military jets flying overhead.

    “I came back and one of my early calls were, I think we are going to have to start looking at that ourselves,” the president told Mr. Macron. “We are actually thinking about Fourth of July, Pennsylvania Avenue, having a really great parade to show our military strength.”

Lou Dobbs and the Fox News retired white general of the day Jack Keane think it's a "grand idea."

Dobbs tweeted: "Bring Back Our Parades!"

The "our" is right-wing jingoists who love the military but don't enlist. In fact, it's kind of amazing how many right wing tv personalities and thought-leaders wouldn't be able to march in a US military parade:

Lou Dobbs: Did not serve
Bill Bennett: Did not serve
Pat Buchanan: Did not serve
Paul Gigot: Did not serve
Sean Hannity: Did not serve
Bill Kristol: Did not serve
Rush Limbaugh: Did not serve
Michael Medved: Did not serve
Ted Nugent: Did not serve
Bill O'Reilly: Did not serve
Ralph Reed: Did not serve
Michael Savage: Did not serve
Clarence Thomas: Did not serve
George Will: Did not serve

Donald Trump....yep, Did not serve.

But they love a parade that affirms their politics but not their lives.

And they love a military where they can cheer but not interrupt their career path.

What a bunch of hypocrites.