White House Says Trump in ‘Frequent’ Contact with Extraterrestrials
http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/09/white-house-says-trump-in-frequent-contact-with-extraterrestrials/
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Since assuming office on January 20, 2017, President Donald J. Trump has periodically exchanged messages with intelligent extraterrestrial life forms who, according to White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, have provided him with advice and guidance on a multitude of issues ranging from job creation to national security. “They know he’s an excellent negotiator – probably the best our planet has to offer – and that’s why they’ve elected to speak with him,” Secretary Sanders told a handful of reporters during an off-camera briefing on Wednesday. While Sanders could not comment on the extent or frequency of the encounters, she said President Trump is “extremely humbled” to be the first head of state to make contact with alien life. While senior White House officials and even Trump’s immediate family are reportedly barred from attending meetings between the president and his extraterrestrial advisers, sources close to Mr. Trump say the president has hinted that he’s negotiating a deal with the aliens that will make America “better than anyone ever thought possible.” However, due to the secrecy surrounding President Trump’s private encounters with the extraterrestrials, the terms and precise nature of the deal remain unclear. During an interview with Fox News host Shepard Smith, President Trump’s longtime friend and dentist, Dr. Charles H. Brister, DDS, said the president believes he was chosen by the aliens for a reason. “At our last session, [the president] told me how grateful he is to have these beings in his corner, particularly considering how unfairly he’s been treated by the media,” Dr. Brister said, adding, “He’s the only one capable of doing this and he knows it. That’s why the American people elected him.” In a statement released Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that, despite the implications, President Donald J. Trump has not yet met face-to-face with the allegedly intelligent beings. As to whether Mr. Trump will have his own close encounter of the third kind is, according to the White House, “between the president and his ET counterparts.”