Trump Tells Fox News ‘Dishonest Media’ Stole His Wallet During Florida Campaign Rally
http://realnewsrightnow.com/2017/02/trump-tells-fox-news-dishonest-media-stole-wallet-florida-campaign-rally/
WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald J. Trump, in an appearance on Fox News this week, accused a CNN news crew of stealing his wallet during his 2020 presidential campaign rally in Florida last Saturday. “Let me tell you, these people are very dishonest,” the President told Shepard Smith on Tuesday. “They came to me asking for a soundbite and the next thing – the next thing you know, my wallet is gone.” President Trump described the wallet as a brown leather passcase from his own Signature Collection and said at the time of the theft he was carrying it in the right pocket of his sports coat. “These people have their own agenda; they can’t be trusted. You look at CNN and the fake stories they put out, it’s sick what these people will do for ratings,” Trump charged before adding that the Secret Service is spearheading an investigation into the incident. While refusing to elaborate on the nature of the investigation, President Trump told Fox News he has ordered Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy to personally lead the inquiry into his wallet’s whereabouts. “Believe me, this is very, very serious and we’re going to get to the bottom of it,” Trump vowed. “You’re going to start hearing things very soon.” The President went on to say that at the time of the alleged theft, the contents of his wallet included a billfold of approximately five thousand dollars in hundred-dollar bills and a copy of the nuclear launch codes. Sources close to President Trump say he rarely ventures out without his Donald J. Trump Signature Collection passcase wallet. Designed for the discerning entrepreneur, the leather wallet features an emboldened gold logo and comes equipped with a bill compartment, three credit card pockets, and ample storage space. A presidential profile piece published by The New York Times on Wednesday provided a brief description of the high-end wallet, saying it contained “a pocket-sized photograph of Russian president Vladimir Putin and no cash.” Since assuming office just over a month ago, Mr. Trump has embroiled himself in a seemingly endless war with the mainstream media. In a February 17 tweet, the President of the United States announced, “The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!” During Saturday’s rally at Orlando Melbourne International Airport, Trump doubled down on attacking the “dishonest media,” telling a crowd of 9,000 enthusiastic supporters that he would “speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”