6 Safe Places to Overdose on Heroin in Delaware, Ohio
https://www.delawareohionews.com/drugs-rec/safest-places-to-overdose-on-heroin-in-delaware-ohio/
By Ricardo Paye 37700 17
Let’s face it, there’s nothing you can do about your heroin addiction. You can, however, limit the risk of death when you accidentally (and inevitably) overdose. One way to do that is to shoot up in safe, public places that are close to medical intervention but off law enforcement’s radar.

This list, compiled by Delaware Ohio News in collaboration with local junkies, provides the 6 safest places to overdose in Delaware based on two safety factors: The likelihood of being saved and the likelihood of being arrested. Spots with low risk of arrest and high likelihood of medical intervention are the ones that topped our list.


 
So, without further ado, let’s review the top 6 places to get smacked and narrowly avoid your untimely demise.

6. The Blue Tube Slide at Mingo Park

Tube Slide at Mingo Park in Delaware, Ohio

The blue tube slide at Mingo Park is great because it provides a unique and even tranquil setting for mainlining your way into the dark abyss. It’s safe because there will eventually be children trying to use the slide, meaning you’ll be found sooner than later. The risk of arrest is lower here given law enforcement’s desire to avoid traumatizing kids and families more than they have to. Watching you foam at the mouth and come back to life among a swarm of first responders is enough for one day.

5. Zion United Church of Christ

Zion United Church of Christ Delaware, Ohio

This place of worship provides excellent cover for heroin addicts thanks to their community shelter. Church officials have said they expect heroin addicts to use the facility and staff the location with off duty police and paramedics. What better place to have your soul temporarily leave your body? You can briefly find God and then fall back to reality in the arms of His righteous servants before getting dope sick and chasing the dragon all over again.

4. Anywhere in the Northwest Neighborhood

Northwest Neighborhood in Delaware, Ohio

Considered the heart of soul of Delaware, Ohio, the Northwest Neighborhood is a historic district that was home to city founders and entrepreneurs in the 1800s. Today, it’s a liberal and intellectual stronghold with a strong sense of community and a dense population of sympathetic families. Fiends can stumble their way through these tree lined streets and never be more than a few feet away from a warm, welcoming family just waiting to nurse them back to health and call 911. If cops associate you with the respectable neighborhood, they’re more likely to let you off with a warning.

3. Carlisle Elementary School

Carlisle Elementary School in Delaware, Ohio

One could argue that any of Delaware’s five elementary schools would make good spots for drug overdoses, but none is safer than Carlisle. The school is close to Grady Memorial Hospital (#2 on our list) and has a comfortable recycling dumpster to rest against while you pump your veins full of skag from a dirty needle and doze off into oblivion. Dispose of your kit in the recycling bin prior to nodding off and you’ll be safe from arrest.

2. The Bus Stop at Grady Memorial Hospital

Bus Stop at Grady Memorial Hospital in Delaware, Ohio

The bus stop at Grady Memorial Hospital is safe AND convenient. The local transit authority stop provides reliable transportation and the close proximity to the hospital ensures you’re only a few feet away from help when you overdose and begin seizing for your life.

1. The Gazebo at Bicentennial Park (Behind the Fire Station)

Bicentennial Park and Wilbur Bills Fire Station in Delaware, Ohio

Topping our list is the shaded Gazebo at Bicentennial Park, conveniently located directly behind the main fire station in the City of Delaware. This spot is perfect for obvious reasons. It’s discreet enough to remain hidden from plain view of the surrounding roadways and Wesleyan campus; it provides a peaceful seating area with cover from the elements; and it’s right next to the people who will save your life when you take it too far and almost kill yourself.

It’s so close, in fact, that it’s rumored a paramedic once used a blowgun to shoot a Narcan dart over 100 yards, striking and reviving an overdose victim without even leaving the station.

So there you have it: The safest places to overdose in Delaware, Ohio. Share with the addict in your life and do your part to help prolong their death.

