New White House Communication Director Caught with His Hand in a Mooch
https://www.ncscooper.com/new-white-house-communication-director-caught-with-his-hand-in-a-mooch/
Air Force One — A White House pool photograph snapped a controversial picture of staffers on a flight to a campaign-style Trump rally in Wisconsin earlier this week. Trump Communication Director Anthony “The Mooch” Scaramucci was photographed grabbing a quick feel up newly appointed Press Secretary’s Sarah Huckabee Sanders dress. “I don’t even think he was aware he was doing it,” said Associated Press pool photographer Heather Kendall who snapped the unfortunate picture. “I mean, they were huddled on a small couch in the plane’s executive lounge and I said ‘hold it’ and they all posed. But as soon as I said that, Scaramucci shoved his hand up Secretary Huckabee’s dress and grabbed her by, well, you know.” Anthony Scaramucci has been criticized for not only mimicking President Trump in his mannerisms but also copying Mr. Trump’s words verbatim. In fact, the new Communications Director seems to parrot the President’s speeches frequently when being interviewed by the media. However, some say this latest foul is taking “being Trump” over the line. The picture sent outrage through the liberal blogs and triggered many anti-Trump protests. “What the $#@! [redacted] is going on,” said 38-year-old Lucille Easton of Seattle, Washington in a Facebook post. “How can these people get away with this kind of crap? I mean, they’re not just talking about it, they’re doing it right in front of the cameras now. This is totally disgusting and offensive.” When asked about the photograph during the daily press brief, Secretary Huckabee Sanders downplayed what is now being called “Gabbing by the Mooch.” “This is totally been blown out of proportion,” said Ms. Huckabee Sanders taking a question from ABC News. “The media likes to blow things up like this. Clearly, it’s not what you are saying. Mr. Scaramucci is just a little grabby, like most men. Locker room stuff and there was nothing improper about what he did. He does it all the time. He did the other day to Kellyanne and she loved the attention.” There has been no comment from the President. When asked during a ceremony today honoring Confederate losses during the Civil War, the President said, “Could you be any ruder interrupting this?”