Now That President Trump Has Finally Declared War On the LBQT Community, What Minorities Should He Target Next?
http://christwire.org/2017/07/president-trump-officially-declares-war-on-lbqt-community-starts-military-ban/
Today President Trump finally unveiled his true heart toward the LGBT community by unleashing the’ SN2 mechanism, the classic backside attack, by banning members of the LGBT community from serving in the military.  While some conservative gays were absolutely shocked that Trump would do such things, it should have been patently obvious with his administration picks that President Trump’s idea of ‘Make America Great Again’ hearkens back to his childhood time of the late 1940s to 1950s, where the word gay meant ‘happy’, Jim Crow was the law of the South and women were all June Cleavers standing attention and ready to serve their Ward Cleavers.

The backlash against President Trump’s decision to remove a sector of the LBGT community from the military service has been predictable.  George Takei is on Facebook making smarmy commentary, disgruntled Congressional members from liberal-voting districts are making enough noise so that their constituents will vote for them again and Republicans saw Trump follow-up his military announcement with a Tweet stating, “WE WORSHIP GOD – in America.”

Hook, line, sinker.  The art of the deal.  Liberals are sulking and fussing like angry children, conservatives are eating up Trump’s demagoguery.  The official talking point is that President Trump  needed to save the GOP budget and key votes hinged on the ‘drastic’ amount of money having to be spent on those Trump kicked out of service.  The truth of the matter is that the measure being debated was .00003% of the overall military budget, but cuts between 3 – 15,000 service members out of duty effective immediately.

Now that President Trump is rolling back rights, it is time to think if there are other minorities who are just burdening the military and beyond.  It is estimated that the army must spend more then $500,000,000,000 per year in programs aimed at diversity recruitment and training.   A dramatic increase of budget would be achieved if the army turned back to only housing Caucasian males.  Women could stay in America growing victory gardens while other minorities could just move back to their neighborhoods, as we know, segregation and separate and not equal schools, housing and roads would save America trillions.

If Trump were to push for such things, the only thing he’d have to worry about are snarky retweets and Facebook social warriors ballyhooing him for a few days, but then just accepting the new reality and moving on.  MAGA!