TRUMP Makes HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT About SOUTHERN WALL … THIS THING IS GOING TO BE A BEAST!
http://president45donaldtrump.com/trump-makes-huge-announcement-southern-wall-thing-going-beast/
ELDER PATRIOT – It seems like everyday President Trump makes good on at least one of his campaign promises.  At this rate he’ll have to make some new promises after six months. Customs and Border Protection is the Homeland Security Department agency that will oversee the construction of the wall along our southern border that will be designed to keep illegal drugs and aliens from entering our country.  CBP has released a request for bids based on two different designs. Both plans require the wall to be sunk at least six feet into the ground and to include 25- and 50-foot automated gates for pedestrians and vehicles. The proposed wall must also be built in a such a way that it would take at least an hour to cut through it with a “sledgehammer, car jack, pick axe, chisel, battery operated impact tools, battery operated cutting tools, Oxy/acetylene torch or other similar hand-held tools.” Additionally, the wall must be at least 30-foot-high, look attractive from the north side, and be difficult to climb over. President Trump has capped the cost of covering all of the approximately 2,000 miles at $12 billion.  His political opponents claim that the cost will be quite a bit higher.  That figures since they regularly overpay for everything because they have no respect for taxpayer money. If there’s one thing President Trump knows as well as anyone in the world it is building costs.  I’ll trust his numbers. The fact is the wall will save American taxpayers many multiples of the cost to build it every year that it is in place.  That doesn’t take into account the savings in human carnage caused by gangs and drugs. As an added bonus to American workers the materials must be sourced from within the United States! I’m still trying to remember one promise that Barack Obama kept in his eight years.  He didn’t promise to wreck the country did he?