Look Who Desperate Democrats are BEGGING to run in 2020 
http://truthfeednews.com/look-who-desperate-democrats-are-begging-to-run-in-2020/
 HomePoliticsLook Who Desperate Democrats are BEGGING to run in 2020
Look Who Desperate Democrats are BEGGING to run in 2020POLITICS BY AMY MORENO SEPTEMBER 9, 2017
Share
Tweet
Democrats are in big trouble.

They have no leader, no message, and no one to run against President Trump in 2020.

It’s gotten so bad, they’re asking former first lady Michelle Obama to run.

What qualifications does she have to run the free world?

Having spearheaded a program to create lunches for children so disgusting they became a viral joke?

From Bizpacreview.com

A reboot of the Obama era could be headed our way if we aren’t careful. A subtle campaign by the left to coax Michelle Obama into running against President Donald Trump in 2020 could turn into an all out lobbying effort if the Democrats fall into desperation, a top political analyst implied this week.

Obama, who’s fond of the luxurious lifestyle she currently enjoys, said last year, “I will not run for president. No, nope, not going to do it.”

Former President Barack Obama said in October his wife “will never run for office.”

“That’s one thing y’all can take to the bank,” he insisted.

Insulating himself from criticism, he said Obama was not his choice.

“Let me be clear: This is not an endorsement, Schoen said. “Michelle Obama would not be my candidate, and I do not agree with many of the positions I believe she would advance.

“But as an analyst, Michelle Obama is clearly the Democrats’ best chance to reunite the party and win back the White House in 2020.”

But this hasn’t dissuaded Democratic analyst Doug Schoen from suggesting the BEST hope Democrats have in 2020 is Michelle Obama.

With her husband having set the precedent for the cult of personality trumping actual qualifications, is it really that far-fetched to think she could defeat Trump?

“The only person I can see accomplishing this would be none other than the party’s most popular political figure: Michelle Obama,” Schoen wrote in an op-ed run by The Hill.

Schoen said the former first lady is “perceived as a strong, well-qualified leader with immense national popularity.”

“Well-qualified leader?”

In what universe?

Schoen goes on to say “Michelle Obama would be a far superior candidate to Hillary Clinton” — a low bar — and noted that her favorability rating “is significantly greater than President Trump’s.”