KABOOM – White House Exposes McCain As A TRAITOR…His Career Just Went Up In SMOKE!
http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/17/kaboom-white-house-exposes-mccain-traitorhis-career-just-went-smoke/
One of the more disturbing aspects of the current political landscape isn’t the Democrat criticism of President Trump. That is to be expected.

It’d be better if at least some of that criticism was valid and well thought-out, as opposed to the insane rantings of lunatics like Trump-hasn’t-created jobs Nancy Pelosi and Trump-needs-to-be-impeached Maxine Waters.

All criticism aside, there are worse things circulating in the political environment.

I’m referring to the subterfuge some within President Trump’s own party are using in what appears to be an attempt to undermine him and his agenda.

While there are many candidates for such suspicions within the Republican Party, Senator John McCain would be near the top of the list. This is especially distressing given his military service; he SHOULD be able to practice a bit more loyalty to his chief.

Rather than showing loyalty to President Trump, Mr. McCain seems to enjoy employing subterfuge to undermine the president’s agenda.

Valid differences on policies are fine, but attempts to take down the president are not. As has been pointed out here before, Mr. McCain has some skeletons in his closet, and is clearly someone who should have retired from the Senate years ago.

Via the True Pundit:

“McCain is believed to have somehow gained access to the content of President Donald Trump’s private, classified telephone calls with world leaders. And he isn’t keeping quiet about what was talked about either.

An analysis of McCain’s recent public statements by White House officials, coupled with information from intelligence personnel working with the Trump administration, paints a disturbing picture for McCain — or any elected U.S. politician.

Officials believe the senator has inside knowledge of a number of President Trump’s telephone conversations, including at least one conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin.”

Here we have the popular Trump-Putin topic, as though there is something inherently nefarious about world leaders speaking to each other.

“Even more alarming, officials believe McCain is secretly sharing this sensitive information with colleagues and his cabal of friendly mainstream media journalists in a dangerous clandestine campaign to damage Trump’s presidency even before it has a chance to succeed.”

Oh GREAT.

Given Mr. McCain’s bellicose talk, perhaps he would be happier if President Trump and President Putin were lobbing nuclear missiles at each other.

In any event, a man who should know something about loyalty, doesn’t. Every time we turn around, McCain seems embroiled in something shadowy…

How difficult would it be to dethrone McCain from his Senate chairmanship? At least that would be a good start on correcting his problem.