JUST IN: Obama Connected With The Person Who Organized The Charlottesville Riot!
http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/16/just-obama-connected-person-organized-charlottesville-riot/
White supremacists do not accept any other race that is considered to be outside of Europe, so a white supremacist supporting a black President is a rare sight.

So if I were to tell you that one of these so called “white is right” folks were actually an Obama supporter, you might want to know what was up with that. After all, it’s highly unlikely that a person could go from avid Obama supporter to neo-Nazi over the course of a year. Especially if that person were a die hard liberal. However, they might want to make that swing if there were a specific reason that it would help the liberal agenda (their true love) for white people in general and Trump supporters, in particular, look really bad.

Of course, we know that liberals would never use underhanded methods to make themselves look better. However, they’re not looking too great after this news about the instigator of the recent Charlottesville riots came out. It would be bad enough if these were just well meaning but misguided whities who thought they were doing the world a favor by flaunting their ignorance but now the media has come out STRONG taking every opportunity to say that these modern day KKK members and neo-Nazi’s are basically President Trump’s best friends, despite what he has to say about it. Now it looks like the whole thing was a surgical political strike, played out before our eyes.

Via DC Whispers

“Well this is fishy. His name is Jason Kessler. He is the one cited as the organizer of the now infamous “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. The thing is, Mr. Kessler’s arrival on the ‘alt right’ and/or ‘White Nationalist’ scene didn’t occur until November 2016.

That’s right – Kessler didn’t start his white nationalist activism until after Donald Trump won the White House. Prior to that it appears he participated in the far left/socialist Occupy Wall Street movement as noted by the far-left, George Soros-funded Southern Poverty Law Center

Rumors abound on white nationalist forums that Kessler’s ideological pedigree before 2016 was less than pure and seem to point to involvement in the Occupy movement and past support for President Obama.

At one recent speech in favor of Charlottesville’s status as a sanctuary city, Kessler live-streamed himself as an attendee questioned him and apologized for an undisclosed spat during Kessler’s apparent involvement with Occupy. Kessler appeared visibly perturbed by the woman’s presence and reminders of their past association.

It also appears Mr. Kessler was actually a CNN on site correspondent during the Occupy protests: (these are being archived as it appears CNN is attempting to scrub its former affiliation with Mr. Kessler:)”

Well isn’t that curious? There’s no doubt that what happened over the weekend was a lethal cocktail of smart and stupid with a heaping helping of biased media coverage thrown in, just to make it go down smooth. The twist in the plot is that the smart (liberals) were playing the stupid (neo-nazis and ANTIFA alike) in order to further their own agenda. This wasn’t random, it wasn’t just chance that these two sides clashed in an epic way that would grab the attention of the entire nation.

The left has worked their tails off to make Americans believe that President Trump is a racist based seemingly just on the fact that he’s not a minority. There are a couple of distinctions that are worth making though. For one thing, there is a huge difference between President Trump supporting the KKK and the KKK supporting Trump. We can control who we support but we can’t choose who supports us. The President spoke out against violence on every possible front, but since he didn’t actually bash all white people, apparently he’s part of the white supremacist movement according to the left

So let’s assume that these Nazi wannabes are die hard Trump supporters; if that’s the case they feel that way just because he’s white. You know, kind of like black American supported Obama just because he was black. Nobody thought it was a problem when black people were proud to have someone of African descent in the White House. Double standard much? But for the record, the President still isn’t claiming these jerks, he’s just not ready to diss an entire race (his own race) because of the stupid actions of a few.

There is one other possibility as to what could be behind this former Obama supporter marching with the white makes right folks. Maybe Kessler really was a hard core Obama supporter and he was truly a supporter of neutrality. But let’s face it, 8 years of dealing with the Obama’s could make anyone swear off an entire race. They say that once you go black you don’t go back, but it looks like Kessler proved that wrong. Either that or he’s a liberal double agent. You decide.

Whar do you think of this? Share your opinion!