Big Money Went To Valerie Jarrett’s Homeland In Last Year Of Obama Dictatorship
http://dcgazette.com/2016/big-money-went-valerie-jarretts-homeland-last-year-obama-dictatorship/

After playing a clip of State Department spokesman John Kirby admitting that the $400 million ransom paid to the Iranians was contingent upon the imminent release of the four American hostages, Jake Tapper tells Senator Dianne Feinstein that a lot of people would look at that and see what transpired as being a ransom payment.

Feinstein, the liberal who represents the State of California with such “integrity,” sets about the task of distorting the English language as she usually does. She begins by blaming the fact that there are campaigns being waged as having an impact on the meaning of the word ransom.”

She continues, “Misconstruing what somebody says particularly if they’re a part of the administration has become an art form of this campaign.” She doesn’t say whose comments were misconstrued or in what manner, she’s a liberal, bestowed with the liberal media’s “favored political class exemption.” No supporting evidence for her wild claims is required. She’s trying to diminish the significance that her party leadership is mired in one lie after another, and the fact that they had to admit to this one, as well as the fact that they deviated from the no ransom policy in providing a lot of money to Valerie Jarrett’s home country.

Feinstein says, “The facts are clear. This was a negotiation over a 1979 sale. This is Iranian money that was frozen. The agreement was that the four hundred million be returned to Iran. Now, Iran was going to release hostages that we very much liked released. Would we send them the money before they’re released or after they’re released?

I ask for your judgment. I know what I would do; it would be after they are released. And that’s exactly what the administration did and I think it’s very much the right thing.”

No, Feinstein, the right thing would have been to have demanded their release in advance of any nuclear negotiations. The right thing would have been to penalize Iran for taking our Americans hostage back in 1979, which happens to be when the money was frozen by never returning it. The right thing would have been not to give away $150 billion more and hand Iran a permission slip for their conventional arms buildup and their nuclear program. The right thing would have been not to turn our backs on our allies and make a sweetheart deal with Valerie Jarrett’s homeland terrorist regime.

But that isn’t how our dictator operates. He rewards Islamic extremism and does whatever Valerie tells him to in order to keep her happy. And you, Mrs. Feinstein, are as dishonest and as anti-American as they are. If you think what we did was the right thing, it’s most certainly wrong.