Oregon’s DEMOCRAT GOVERNOR’s SOLUTION TO ANCHOR BABIES … KILL THEM
ELDER PATRIOT 
http://patriothangout.com/oregon-democrat-governors-solution-anchor-babies-kill/
Oregon Governor Kate Brown has promised to sign a bill allowing for state-funded early termination of the offspring of illegal aliens. At a time when healthcare costs have already skyrocketed out of the reach of most Americans, Oregon Democrats forced through, on a party line vote, a radical pro-abortion bill that would require health insurers to provide free abortions to patients without a co-pay. It also would set aside $10.2 million tax dollars for abortions for illegal aliens, as well as for contraception and other reproductive health services for 2017 through 2019 in the state’s Medicaid fund. Given the already easy access to low-cost abortions and the low cost of contraception that already exists in Washington Brown’s claims that opponents of the bill are, “Attempt[ing] to deny access to contraceptives and family planning are an attack on all Oregonians”, is ludicrous. But she really let her hand show with this declaration that would’ve made Joseph Goebbels proud:  “I’m proud the House helped fulfill our duty to ensure all Oregon’s children have access to health care by passing #CoverAllKids today.” How in the world does killing babies ensure children’s access to healthcare unless it’s to make sure there’s not enough of them to overtax the already bankrupt system??? Margaret Sanger founded Planned Parenthood with the goal of exterminating blacks.  Today, Kate Brown has declared her intent to exterminate illegal aliens. Surely President Trump’s plan to simply build a wall to keep them out and to deposit the lawbreakers among those already here on the other side of that wall is preferable, don’t you think? Arguments that illegal aliens are only one “beneficiary” of her plan doesn’t pass muster.  Abortions are cheap enough – as is contraception – the argument that government has to pay for either is simply not believable. The bill necessarily had to include every Oregonian in order to pass the equal protection standard required to pass Constitutional muster. Kate Brown has forever linked her named to another eugenicist – Margaret Sanger. 
The lack of outrage is sad as we watch another block in the foundation of respect of every human life that once made the United States great being further eviscerated.
