Federal Prosecutor Found Dead, Take A WILD GUESS WHAT HE WAS INVESTIGATING [VIDEO]
A reputable Miami prosecutor, Beranton J Whisenant Jr., likely never thought his life was in danger.

Yet, the man’s body just washed up on a Hollywood, Florida beach. Whisenant had been investigating DNC voter fraud. (via Dennis Michael Lynch).
This husband and father of three was only 37. He leaves behind a devastated family and community.

Also, he wasn’t just investigating the DNC voter fraud. He was also in charge of a few cases of other crimes, those which the liberals love to pretend don’t exist: passport and visa fraud.
This man was no friend to those in the deep state, who would rather their crimes go overlooked. Many Democrats, who rely on illegal voters and even voter fraud, would have ample reason to want Beranton Whisenant out of the way.
The mainstream media is already doing their part to cover-up any potential wrong-doing in this case. The Miami Herald has suggested that if the death was a crime or “retaliatory” than authorities would be more aggressive.

For their part, police have simply stated that Whisenant seems to have suffered some kind of head trauma, possibly a gun shot. They are still looking into the matter.

There is no reason to think authorities are not being aggressive in their pursuit of this case. Why can’t the media just let the police do their job? Why can’t the media just stay out of the way in general and report the FACTS like they’re supposed to?

Any American death deserves a full investigation from authorities. There is no reason to dismiss the possibility that Whisenant was murdered. If he was murdered, the media is just enabling a serious criminal.

We patriots prefer to support authorities in their investigation. No one can deny that the body of a prosecutor washing up on a beach, with head trauma, is a serious matter that deserves our full attention. Whisenant matters to us, and he matters to his community.

Benjamin Greenberg, Acting US Attorney, said that Whisenant “was a great lawyer and wonderful colleague, and we will miss him deeply. Our thoughts are with Beranton’s family and friends.”

Learning the circumstances of his death should be a top priority, not swept under the rug.