The Truth About The Biggest Social Security Scandal
https://world-politicus.com/2017/07/18/truth-biggest-social-security-scandal/
The latest events will leave a huge dot on Social Security benefits for single senior citizens in our country. This is extremely terrifying, and the situation requires immediate solution. The new discovery attracted everyone’s attention, and it’s already getting big. It involves the SSA and American citizens.

The Social Security Administration gave $1 billion to people who don’t even have a Social Security Number. Well, we hope that President Donald Trump will lead a thorough investigation into the problem.

Former president Barack Obama involved our country in so many problems, but President Trump appeared at the right time. There was something shady about Obama and his administration, and President Trump had to lead an investigation. The biggest fraud is about to be discovered, and Obama won’t like any of it.

President Donald Trump promised to make America great again, and exposing frauds was his top priority. He promised to reveal every detail about the worst welfare cheating. It involves Hillary Clinton and her Democrat friends.

“Over the last decade, the agency paid $1 billion to 22,426 representative payees who did not have an SSN, and SSA had not followed its policy to retain the paper application,” read the Social Security audit.

“Furthermore, unless it takes corrective action, we estimate SSA will pay about $182.5 million in benefits, annually, to representative payees who do not have an SSN or paper application supporting their selection,” read the report released by the inspector general.

President Trump is the best thing that has happened to our country. He will do everything in his power to protect our country. It was about time that something like this happens. America is about to experience major changes, and Obama will get what he deserves. Democrats don’t really understand the severity of the problem, but it will become clearer in near future.

What do you think about this? Do you think President Donald Trump will expose Obama for something else? How will this affect the further development of events? Will America get the chance to regain its power? What is the biggest fraud that has happened in our country?

(h/t The Washington Free Beacon)

