Klaus Eberwein Is Found Dead
https://world-politicus.com/2017/07/18/klaus-eberwein-found-dead-2/
US citizens were left in shock after the death of Klaus Eberwein. Although his death was classified as a suicide, the tragedy could be tightly connected with the Clintons. Well, we knew that the Clintons were up to many things, but we never thought they could have anything to do with someone’s death. Oh, wait. If you think again, Hillary Clinton already carries the Benghazi burden on her back. So, what kind of business did Eberwein have with the Clintons?

If you go back in time, the Clintons were caught in the middle of too many tragedies. It’s sad how their name is contained in almost any report of a suspicious death. The death of Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official, was quite a shock, and nobody expected that he could “kill himself.” Eberwein was an important witness in a case connected with the Clinton Foundation and the use of funds raised after the 2010 earthquake.

Eberwein led the Fonds d’Assistance Economique et Social in the period between 2012 and 2015. He was found dead in a Miami hotel last week.

His closest friends don’t buy the story of the alleged suicide. Gilbert Bailly, owner of Muncheez pizza and a good friend of Eberwein revealed that the two of them planned to open a new restaurant, and expand the business in Florida. According to him, Eberwein looked pretty fine during their last meeting.

“It’s really shocking. We grew up together; he was like family,” Bailly said.

Eberwein’s testimony was scheduled on July 18. He was supposed to testify before the Haitian Senate’s Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission after being connected with corruption and fraud allegations.

Liberal reporters “forgot” to mention that Eberwein was about to say that the Clinton Foundation mismanaged the funds raised after the earthquake.

“The Clinton Foundation, they are criminals, they are thieves, they are liars, they are a disgrace,” Eberwein yelled in one occasion. This happened outside the Clinton Foundation building in NYC.

What do you think about this? Do you think the Clintons are responsible for Eberwein’s death? How will this case end? Did he really shot himself?

(h/t Miami Herald)