Inishturk, an island off the main coast of Ireland, has now joined Canada in officially accepting Americans requesting political asylum from a Donald Trump presidency.

The island has been experiencing a population decline in recent years, and they decided to try to reach out to Americans seeking to flee our current political dystopia by offering a new place to live if the idea of Donald Trump and the Republicans following his lead are just too much.

Mary Heanue, Inishturk’s development officer, was quoted as saying:

I’ve heard there are quite a few people in America looking to move to Ireland and other countries if Donald Trump becomes president. I’d like them to know that we’d love to see them consider moving over here.

Our big concern is employment and trying to encourage families to move over here because the population is declining. The island featured on an Irish TV documentary last year which gave us great publicity and a good few extra bookings. But we ended up having a terrible summer and a lot of people canceled.

They’d be given a huge welcome and they’d find this is a fantastic place to live and to bring up children. Their kids would probably get the best education anywhere in the country too, because the teacher to pupil ratio is nearly one-on-one.

Although winters can be hard and it’s the kind of life that wouldn’t necessarily suit everyone, they’d find it very peaceful here and they’d soon find out there’s nowhere as nice in the world on a summer’s day than here.”

The website IrishCentral.com also got in on the action recently, by publishing their own guide on moving to Ireland in case Donald Trump is elected.

The website describes the details, and realities, of moving to Ireland. It isn’t particularly cheap and the financial restrictions on it might preclude some people from being able to take advantage of it.

However, there are some big things on the plus side. The gun laws are restrictive and you won’t see wannabe cowboys carrying handguns openly in Ireland – a huge plus. They have strong social welfare and services, plus did I mention universal heathcare? Not exactly a terrible idea…  They also do take some well-placed digs at our Republican problem, by making a few short jabs at the likes of Bill O’Reilly and Donald Trump in particular, by stressing that you request an absentee ballot so you can still vote against Donald Trump for a nice middle finger from across the pond.

More than likely, Trump will not get elected. However, it never hurts to have a backup plan, especially if you don’t fit into one of the new state-approved ethnic groups (whites only) that will be one of the features of a possible Donald in the White House.