atican City – In a final speech to the synod, Pope Francis endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States, while taking some clear swipes at conservatives who hold up church doctrine above all else, and use it to cast judgment on others.

“The synod experience also made us better realize that the true defenders are not those who uphold its letter, but its spirit; not ideas but people; not formulas but free availability of God’s love and forgiveness,” Pope Francis said. “I see in Senator Bernard Sanders a man of great integrity and moral conviction, who understands these principles and genuinely wants what’s best for all people

The pope went on to criticize ultra-conservatives, saying church leaders should confront difficult issues “fearlessly, without burying our heads in the sand.” It was the latest in a series of admonitions to bishops by the pontiff, who has stressed since his election in 2013 that the 1.2 billion-member Church should be open to change, side with the poor, and rid itself of the arrogance and unfettered narcissism that has alienated so many Catholics in recent years.

Naturally, conservative Catholics are not happy with Francis for being so outspoken on social issues and American politics. “The pope needs to stick to religion, and stay the hell out of politics,” says Cardinal Justin Francis Rigali. “Conservative Catholics are losing faith in the Church, and this falls directly on the shoulders of Pope Francis with his socialist ideology and warped political views.”

Conservative news outlets like Fox News have taken issue with Pope Francis on everything from climate change to income inequality. Bill O’Reilly has numerous times compared Pope Francis to Bernie Sanders, accusing both of being “false prophets.”

Liberals and progressives on the other hand applaud the pope for bringing social and environmental issues to the forefront of the Catholic Church. “He’s a Catholic rockstar,” says Prudence Bradley, 19, from upstate New York. “Pope Francis has made it cool to be a Christian again.”