The suspicious circumstances surrounding the death last week of former U.N. President John Ashe had many wondering whether foul play was involved.

The New York Post’s Page Six reported that after Ashe was found dead Wednesday, the U.N. claimed that he had died from a heart attack. Local police officers in Dobbs Ferry, New York, later disputed that claim, saying instead that he died from a workout accident that crushed his throat.

Adding to the mysterious nature of Ashe’s death was the fact that he had been slated to be in court Monday with his Chinese businessman co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, from whom he reportedly received over $1 billion in donations during his term as president of the U.N. General Assembly.

According to an unidentified source who spoke with Page Six, prosecutors had intended to use the latter fact to link Ashe directly to Democrat front-runner Hillary Clinton, with whom he could be seen schmoozing in the picture above.

“It would have been very embarrassing,” the source added. “His death was conveniently timed.”

There was no evidence at the moment to corroborate the source’s theory of foul play, but that certainly did not stop conspiracy theorists from theorizing about “what really happened.”

Those theorists inclined to believe the stories about Hillary and Bill Clinton ordering the murders of their opponents wondered whether the former U.N. president was merely their latest victim

However, Ashe’s own lawyer, Jeremy Schneider, strongly disagreed with these theories.

TRENDING STORIES

Trump Ditches Media, Walks Into Restaurant… Tells Diners He’s Lowering Their Taxes, Gets Explosive Applause
SHOCK: Insider Reveals Bill Blames Hillary for Loss… Media Dumbfounded
Insider Reveals Hillary Got So Violent After Losing Extreme Measures Had to Be Taken
“There is not one iota of evidence that it was homicide,” he reportedly said. “This is nothing at all like Vince Foster.”

The late Vince Foster was a deputy White House counsel who died by gunshot in 1993 after he allegedly committed suicide. Conspiracy theorists have maintained for years that his death was in fact a murder — one spearheaded by Hillary Rodham Clinton.

No definitive evidence was ever procured to prove this theory, but that didn’t stop them then, and it likely won’t stop them now.

H/T RedFlag News

Please share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about this official’s death and whether or not you believe any of the conspiracy theories surrounding it!

Do you believe any of these conspiracy theories? Scroll down to comment below!